In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. If you are not use to using a large sustaining pedal while playing the piano, it may appear little awkward. I love it, I used this for my Yamaha ypt-230 and it works great, I would recommend it to anyone. I got it to have it if I needed it. 
I love it, I used this for my Yamaha ypt-230 and it works great, I would recommend it to anyone. But this is a keyboard not an organ. I bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard. If you are not use to using a large sustaining pedal while playing the piano, it may appear little awkward. 
But this is a keyboard not an organ. I love it, I used this for my Yamaha ypt-230 and it works great, I would recommend it to anyone. I bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard. If you are not use to using a large sustaining pedal while playing the piano, it may appear little awkward. 
The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. I got it to have it if I needed it. But this is a keyboard not an organ. 
I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close. In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. 
But this is a keyboard not an organ. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It does just what I wanted it to do. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. 
In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. I bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard. I bought this to use with my keyboard. But this is a keyboard not an organ. 
But this is a keyboard not an organ. I bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. I bought this to use with my keyboard. 
I use a lot of these guys and if they work when you get them, they havn't failed yet. I like it and have used HOSA products in the past with confidence. Thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. I use this cord in my church to run from my pedalboard to my amp (which is in a soundproof box). 
It's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price. It looks high quality and has the white ends. GOOD PRODUCT!. Cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff. 
I have had it for a few months and so far it has held up pretty well. )  Like my first Hosa cable, this is a high quality item. Realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar. (The other one is shorter. 
)  Like my first Hosa cable, this is a high quality item. is a High quality Instrument Cable, but low cost, won't break the bank. I've trusted them for years, I can't think if a single Hosa cable I've owned that's failed. This my second Hosa guitar cable. 
These aren't going to be the most durable road cables but for home and light road use they will work well. Bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar. This item is well built and I like the terminal ends and how they have the spring built in. These are Good cables at a good price!! Not sure they would hold up to heavy use, but for practicing at home they are really great!. 
I'd definitely buy more cables of this brand. My son is expanding his collection of amps and effects pedals so needed additional cables to get everything connected. maybe not the best but it serves it's purpose. it's a guitar instrument cable, what can I say. 
The switch is also loose. The connector will move around 2mm out of the microphone without the switch being pressed. But forget hooking this directly to a PC. Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job. 
'I would not recommend using this cable for critical applications. Way too much noise. If you're like me, you probably bought this to hook up an XLR microphone to a digital recorder or a PC. Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job. 
The connector will move around 2mm out of the microphone without the switch being pressed. The mating part of the connector jiggles back and forth. The switch is also loose. If you're like me, you probably bought this to hook up an XLR microphone to a digital recorder or a PC. 
I would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn't worth the hassle. I bought this for my Canon Vixia HF G10 Video Camera and a Shotgun Mic that I recently purchased for it. Just received this cord and it seems to work as expected. Well made, XLR 3 pin adaptor to mini. 
I needed a 12&#34; wire for it to be a perfect fit from my mic (which is mounted on the Mini Advanced Shoe) to the microphone plug on the Video Camera. Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job. Also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but I hear a hiss when recording. Just received this cord and it seems to work as expected. 
I bought this for my Canon Vixia HF G10 Video Camera and a Shotgun Mic that I recently purchased for it. I'd have rated it 1 star, but I tried it on my Nikon D3200 (Shoe mounted Shotgun Mike) and it worked out ok. Also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but I hear a hiss when recording. Again; unsure if it's the way the wires are stretched out to the max on the DSLR or not (or my shotgun mic). 
That's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up. It's a bit pricier than others I considered, but I feel that the quality and peace of mind are worth the premium. Another reason why I love this is it's noise free. I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. 
I own several of these and love them. That's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up. Since I have three of those units daisychained I was able to significantly enhance the entire system with this simple adapter. Another reason why I love this is it's noise free. 
The listing for this item can be confusing if you are not sure what stereo XLR is. Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires. This item is not a mono balanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced mic cable. Both ends have strain reliefs, the 1/8" connecter perfectly mates with the plug into which I insert it, and the XLR end is a quality component. 
I purchased this specifically to transform the third channels in myPowerwerks 50 Watt Personal P. Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires. I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. Also check out Hosa's sinlge XLR to double XLR splitter. 
However, seem to be getting a little bit of noise from a shotgun mic straight into a D800. That means you will have to be "gentle" with it when using it. First, it's construction is pretty light weight. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. 
I have not had that problem with this one, so it's another plus. I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. Overall I am very pleased with this adapter and actually purchased a spare in case I damage or lose my primary one. Seems to be a little but more noise going through this adapter cable than straight into the XLR input. 
First, it's construction is pretty light weight. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. This adapter has never failed me and has been instrumental in capturing quality audio at live events. I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. 
First, the reasons why I awarded this five stars: the construction is uniformly excellent. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires. This adapter cable for stereo mics to work with small DV cameras will function but with caveats. 
Have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that. Its a nice little adapter for your low impedance cable to your high impedance input. Could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall. Its affordable and it works. 
I purchased this to work with my ION system and my shure mic. Works as well as any $15 - $20 one I would have bought at local guitar stores. It works!!!!. Just a basic female XLR to 1/4 inch male adapter. 
Have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that. I use these so I can plug my regular mic cables into my keyboard/practice all in one PA. This converts an xlr signal (for me, a Shure SM57 mic) into a 1/4 male (I run it into a guitar pedalboard and then an amp). I purchased this to work with my ION system and my shure mic. 
Could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall. But, no issues besides that. As the title says, it works. Have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that. 
The issue with doing it that way is during introdustions you will get the music the dj is playing and the words they are speaking. i would recomed this product to everyone. However, it worked fine and gets the job done. I began using a transformer isolated XLR splitter after we started playing bigger venues and no longer use this splitter. 
Solid construction and great sound reproduced. They work perfectly and haven't failed me once. I use this to run a single, mono XLR shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my Tascam DR-40, which saves me a step in post-production. With just the DJ's voice I can edit the way I want and compress time. 
I ended up not needing it so. If I didn't think that purchasing these items from Amazon I wouldn't do it, plus and more important I have worked as a Purchasing Coordinator for over 25 years now I know how to save money and if purchasing that are great and believe me or not I can find even cables that I can't find in RadioShack, Best Buys no where else, I have done a lot of Purchasing not just for myself, but for business. The quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do. However, it worked fine and gets the job done. 
I use this to run a single, mono XLR shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my Tascam DR-40, which saves me a step in post-production. With just the DJ's voice I can edit the way I want and compress time. you can make anything look good as long as you can get a good clean audio signal. The quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do. 
I ended up not needing it so. you can make anything look good as long as you can get a good clean audio signal. They work perfectly and haven't failed me once. For years I used to run a line directly out of the DJ's mixer to get my audio. 
I have had good luck with wd40 too, but it is very flammable. It doesn't evaporate right away, but after a couple of minutes your good to go!. Now it's working!. It was made for the military. 
Also fixed the effects loop jacks, which had become oxidized and were causing my amp to intermittently lose 90% of its power on gigs. 0 amp. In the past I've tried some Locktite electronics cleaner, which is provided in a similar can. I was getting errors that my printer cartridge wasn't recognized and I sprayed some on the contacts and wiped off the excess with a paper towel. 
Wish I had found this stuff sooner. It restored the sound,power and clearity of my amps. This stuff works great and is well worth the price, I used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, I'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff. I really bought it to clean the POTs (volume controls and knobs) on my Guitars, pedals and equipment. 
This stuff works great and is well worth the price, I used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, I'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff. I really bought it to clean the POTs (volume controls and knobs) on my Guitars, pedals and equipment. The spray has 3 levels but the low is still way to high. I have had good luck with wd40 too, but it is very flammable. 
This thing is like a magic Spray! Hah!Seriously. It gets crackling knobs going again. I used this on my guitar Tone and Volume pots and it clears up the crackle. recommend. 
For the money, this karaoke mic does a decent job for any vocal use. Good to keep as a spare in the gig box. i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, MUCH BETTER THEN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ! ) its nice,. The only reason I give 4 stars is because I ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord. 
I hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price. For the money, this karaoke mic does a decent job for any vocal use. We bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long. We our using it with our Roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a Roland micro cube also. 
I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics. After all, who's playing--and getting paid for it?. These are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet. I hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price. 
Good to keep as a spare in the gig box. I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics. We our using it with our Roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a Roland micro cube also. i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, MUCH BETTER THEN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ! ) its nice,. 
The only reason I give 4 stars is because I ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord. I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics. I couldn't believe it when I first saw the group using these Nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as Shure SM-57's and 58's. We bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long. 
The SM-57 sounds more natural on vocals and never sounds muddy or muffled. This is a proven classic. Best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. Using it to mic my Mesa Boogie Mark V 1x12 cabinet. 
I've knocked this microphone around a decent amount, and it is plenty rugged. Best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. A pair of SM57's is always seen on various White House podiums for press conferences and there is even a VIP bundled kitShure SM57 VIP Dual Microphone Kityou can buy for this exact type of use. The SM (Studio Microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. 
I've owned or used countless modern day SM-58's and SM-57's along with dozens of other mics over the years from all manufacturers. It works as well as most mics and is more durable than most. However, if you've ever tried using a mic when you forgot that the switch was in the off position it probably just became a liability. I can't find a modern SM-57 with a switch anywhere. 
A lot of companies are bringing high quality elctronics and music to the market but it's great to have a company like Shure make something so good and so affordable. It gives a clean crisp reproduction of every flaw I have. I like the open sound of the PG48 but vocals seem to break up more at higher volumes than they do with the SM58s. Shure makes excellent stuff. 
Shure makes excellent stuff. I have a few Shure SM58s which cost more. I bought a 32&#34; Toshiba flat screen for around 230 bucks, Think of what that would have cost even five years ago or less. It gives a clean crisp reproduction of every flaw I have. 
They have always made a high quality product and now they have one that almost anyone can afford. I bought a 32&#34; Toshiba flat screen for around 230 bucks, Think of what that would have cost even five years ago or less. I have a regular gig at a medium sized club that is basically one large room. I have a few Shure SM58s which cost more. 
Personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great. The former mic is a little more ostentatious, but it's also slightly more adaptable, and the screen can filter out a certain amount of wind noise and unwanted non-musical sounds. These things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least. It works ok for conga drums and the like, but the SM-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar. 
Very durable, I got this to replace the same, a 20 year old, rusted / dented grill 58 :) I also use a D5 (AKG - same price) and a line 6 wirelesss, but the 58 is always reliable first choice or backup. I'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a P. It's a small price to pay for quick solutions to feedback or the unwanted pick-up of "private" comments by indiscreet band members. no complaints here! the quality is great! the sounds is excellent! and my voice sounds wonderful and crisp. 
For five bucks extra, I can't fathom a reason for avoiding the SM-58S, the version with an on-off switch. You can stand 3 feet away and really wail, or get up close for some bass response, or anything in between. "  Perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to Amazon Prime, which is the Shure SM-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns. I bought this for my teen son for Christmas. 
They can take an enormous amount of abuse and never falter. Mids and highs are picked up perfectly when singing a few inches away and there is a subtle low frequency roll-off to avoid that boomy, muddled sound you typically get when hitting low or quiet notes up close. If you are a musician who is strapped for cash or trying to make ends meet, get the 58. they dont want to use the SM58 anymore :). 
I have one of these, as well as several other microphones. This one I like for my vocals live. Might purchase another one eventually. Mics are like pants, you have to find the right fit. 
I have one of these, as well as several other microphones. If you have the extra dough and want a confidence boost, go for the Beta. Also used to mic resonator guitar through a tube mic preamp live, very sweet sound. This one I like for my vocals live. 
As a general purpose workhorse for live vocals they are by far the most popular tools out there. basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. In fact, I noticed Betas all over the place at a small theater (with a high-end system) that I played at just recently. The SM58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the Beta58A is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. 
Well worth it. Great,great sound. I restrung my Martin 0-16NY with these strings and found them to be excellent. So, I want to keep a completed pack for back up. 
A friend had and os-2 on hand and let me use it. very simple, very user-friendly,and the feature that is most important i think, versatile. the OS/DS and drive knobs allow you to chose between a very different bunch of tones. I had used Boss's metal zone before and it produced too nasal of a tone for my liking. 
It really does have a ton of range, although it only does one effect at a time, so you'd have to reach down and change the knobs mid-show in order to get the other variations. I had used Boss's metal zone before and it produced too nasal of a tone for my liking. My most commonly used setting was with the overdrive-distortion mix knob at about 2 o'clock, which produces a very professional sounding Grunge-type effect. It's great if you want some really good bluesy distortion, or you can crank the color and get some thick distortion. 
the OS/DS and drive knobs allow you to chose between a very different bunch of tones. I had used Boss's metal zone before and it produced too nasal of a tone for my liking. 100% recommended. very simple, very user-friendly,and the feature that is most important i think, versatile. 
A friend had and os-2 on hand and let me use it. It really does have a ton of range, although it only does one effect at a time, so you'd have to reach down and change the knobs mid-show in order to get the other variations. I first used this pedal when my green screemer died. I love BOSS pedals. 
I still check, but they just won't pull out or release. So, I knew it was time for a new gold set, and I couldn't be happier with their look and quality. I had numerous times when my strap would come undone - fortunately never during a performance. A good guitar is a big investment and you owe it to yourself to protect your investment with a good strap locking system. 
I have these on all my guitars. It's worth a few extra dollars and a little extra time to install these. These are great. It sure beats fixing a cracked neck, headstock, or guitar body after a guitar slips off the strap pins and falls for a great height!. 
These are good if you have a few of guitars and got a favorite strap. Buy alot of extra buttons i got allparts. I use these on my basses and they do the job quite well. seems really sturdy and well made. 
its great not worrying about dropping your instrument on stage. ive done it  it sucked! worth every penny!. I had numerous times when my strap would come undone - fortunately never during a performance. these dunlop straploks are amazing! never had them fail on me, and always gave me a good piece of mind knowing that my guitar is safe from hitting the floor on stage or at home, they stay secure when done properly, I've looked at other strap locks and tried some others but the dunlop ones just seem to work, and work well. 
Amazing. They aren't much larger than the originals that came with the guitar and that extra piece of mind is great!  Easy installation without any modification (at least on mine) and they connect/hold very solid. I did manage to get it on. I was luckily able to get the screws in with some muscle, and the locks are secure. 
You want to make sure they can be removed at a later date without damaging the guitar. But a new strap and put these on right away. Highly recommended!. I have had these on a Les Paul for years and just purchased some more for the rest of my guitars. 
So add 10$ to get more than 30 minute in tune play here. to be hardwood body and real tuners as I  think the price point demands it. Mahogany ply maybe or capped with real, but it's plywood body inside. So that bugs me that big player choice like epi would do that. 
I discovered too late that my local music shop would have sold me this guitar for about the same price, but they would have included a full professional setup, including string change. Oh and my local shop was able to give me this guitar at $20 less than any place else, AND they will do a FREE setup for me after I've played it for a while (so far it's been perfect out of the box). It had some intonation problem, the action was too high, and as others have commented, the strings on this guitar need to be changed immediately. If your kid is serious about wanting to play guitar, but you're not completely sure if they will stick with it, if you can spend another $100 and get a used mexican made fender strat or tele. 
Notes at the 12th fret were very sharp, and I couldn't lower them with saddle adjustments. Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, EbonyHello again. It stays in tune and it high quality. Well worth the money. 
Other complaints included poor overall quality and terrible playability. I have other, way more expensive guitars, like a Gibson ES-335, Dean 12 string, and a Fender Strat, but I gotta tell you, I like this one soooo much I play it more than the others!  No kidding. Bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. Not his typical style although Amazon does sell one for about $250 so don't let the name fool you. 
Now that's a Fun king wah wah!!It's big, it's hard and it's heavy but when you turn it on you understand why this is the original. However, the cheap rubber feet were the first victims of perhaps taking a few cheaper short cuts on producing the product. The only one that sounded better was the 535Q but at over $200 it was out of my price range. Finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. 
The pot came loose and the switch had to be replaced but considering the fact that it survived several hundred gigs in smoky dives, I probably should give it 5. This one gets the big 5 for being everything i wanted it to be!. It sounds good but it adds soooo much noise to my pedal board. I gave it 4 stars because it hasn't been maintenance free. 
my only stand alone outside a multi effects unit. A great pedal, well made!. the orig, still the best! do you like guitar music? chances are good you know the sound this pedal makes. Finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. 
What I have learned is that when using a different power supply to be sure the power jack is push ALL THE WAY in, otherwaise, ZAP. Other than those two issues, the power issue really no fault of Dunlop's if you use the supplied power cable, its been a great pedal. If you are like me though and place it in a pedal board where a unified power source makes sense and must use a different power cable, at least on my unit, the jack is not fitting properly leading to some serious shorts. That is to say, the rubber feet began to come off in no time. 
Finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. A great pedal, well made!. Great pedal, but if you pull it open and put in a couple of cheap mods, this thing is absolutley rediculous!  It's a boutique pedal with only a little time and solder. It is a very well made pedal that is a must have, if you play any classic rock. 
works well but wish it was a bit heavier and the construction was a little better made. but other than that works as intended. I should of bought this a long time ago!!. Peter Piper Picked A Pack of Purple Peppers - test passed, no &#34;puh&#34; sound to be found on the recording. 
It does exactly what it's supposed to do. Peter Piper Picked A Pack of Purple Peppers - test passed, no &#34;puh&#34; sound to be found on the recording. What else is there to say?. What my headline says. 
The adjustable arm is very flexible, yet sturdy to assure you of proper pop filter placement. I love this pop filter!  It is every to attactch and doesn't scratch the mic stand as some pop filter clamps do. What a difference a pop filter makes, I use on a condenser mic, it lets me get a little more gain input, clamps on easy and holds good, the flex piece holding the filter could be a little more rigid but does the job. So for a good price you get a filter that works. 
It makes your audio more professional when you eliminate these annoyances. works well but wish it was a bit heavier and the construction was a little better made. this little guy has help me record with my Apogee One voices and amps, to prevent air-flow shock on diaphragm. but other than that works as intended. 
really good length and the clamp is decent, hope it will last me awhile. It is definitely worth it. It mounts to any mic stand and is formable to any position you need. It also makes you looks professional. 
works well but wish it was a bit heavier and the construction was a little better made. Tested this on my Blue Yeti USB Microphone and could tell the difference with the POP filter on right away. filter works very well and looks professional. but other than that works as intended. 
Adjustable to any length you want and just a great pop filter! I would recommend this to anyone!. really good length and the clamp is decent, hope it will last me awhile. I love this pop filter!  It is every to attactch and doesn't scratch the mic stand as some pop filter clamps do. Very sturdy and awesome pop filter. 
Again for the money I dont think you can beat it but more importantly when you have a few buck you can send it out for modification from Keeley. Inexpensive to purchase - easy to mod to your liking. and then when you start wishing it could do more send it off to be modified and you will thank yourself later. Sure it made me enjoy playing and practicing a lot more but I soon found the sound was off considering I like more blue and classic rock. 
That said - the DS-1 does exactly what I wanted it to. I play a strat & and jazzmaster - those guitars still sound like themselves with this thing. It's pretty harsh in tone - kind of a white noise distortion. Combine this with an eq and you could scoop the mids as much as you want. 
This thing through a Champ or smaller amp will not give you the meat you are probably looking for without a EQ pedal. I couldn't be happier. Frankly, I'd forgotten how musical this pedal is. This pedal is a must have for any pedal board. 
This effect sounds really good through a fat cab or a larger amp that can let the cabinet give the tone a little color. This thing through a Champ or smaller amp will not give you the meat you are probably looking for without a EQ pedal. I have had this pedal for about 15 years, just replaced the old one a month ago. The pedal works great with almost any guitar pickup set but sings with my EMG powered Schecter and tube amp. 
Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i. Very big, saturated and warm. It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds. 
works great. I keep hoping I'll find something it DOES work well with. I got this for my Boss Loop Station, but it doesn't work very well. Thak you very much!. 
It does not hog up a lot of space on my pedal board. No problem at all. Also, it not to big. The pedal does what is suppose to do on my Dynamic Wah guitar pedal. 
works great. I'm using this footswitch to control a drum machine. it does the job and i've had no problems with it. and eff mute. 
Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. saved my gig just tonight when one of my Midi controllers lost it mind an needed NO instead of normal NC. latest purchace is used as a trigger on my drum machineused the CODA kick pedaltrigger a boss sound moduleplay it all the timealso use one on my Vocalist. like the option of NC or NO. 
and chan change. Very happy with this item. it does the job and i've had no problems with it. saved my gig just tonight when one of my Midi controllers lost it mind an needed NO instead of normal NC. 
I keep hoping I'll find something it DOES work well with. It does not hog up a lot of space on my pedal board. Thak you very much!. I got this for my Boss Loop Station, but it doesn't work very well. 
I keep hoping I'll find something it DOES work well with. works great. I got this for my Boss Loop Station, but it doesn't work very well. Thak you very much!. 
He's not a big kid, so even 15lb. There are several types of practice amps. Each of the models are distinct. We are not guitar players and are not using guitars with it. 
These typically are more stripped down (in features, not neccessarily quality). Overall I have to say I prefer my VOX mini 3. I always thought they were just a notch above toys, the sort of amps found in a prepackaged guitar set up from Wally World at Christmas. It also can be battery powered (the life is suprisingly long), includes a regular wall plug, headphone jack, built in tuning fork (which is kind of lame) and a series of onboard effects that can be run simultaneously. 
I saved $30 from buying another AC adapter that supports 240V. Not heavy like I can't pick it up, just heavy for something called a micro amp. And then there are the micros. I honestly thought it was nothing more than a toy and I couldn't have been more wrong. 
I ordered this for my Epi LP Special 2 and obviously it fits like a glove! Beautiful interior and a comfortable padded handle. it even locks. if your guitar fits. the handle extreamly soft to the touch. 
it even locks. the handle extreamly soft to the touch. 4 stars is my tops, anywhere. It arrived double boxed and wrapped in plastic. 
4 stars is my tops, anywhere. Bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. Very plush interior, plenty of storage and very durable. He says its great so that is my review. 
He says its great so that is my review. as it should! hehe. Turns out thats actually impossible to do with this case unless you have an extra key. The guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected. 
Would definately recommend. Very nice case for the price. highly recommend to everyone looking for a case. I bought the bigger version of this for my Riviera P93 and this case is just as plush and protective- best deal going for a brand new case - I just wish they had these for more brands-. 
The guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected. I could not believe the quality of this case, fits my Epiphone Les Paul 100 like a glove. Bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. I bought the bigger version of this for my Riviera P93 and this case is just as plush and protective- best deal going for a brand new case - I just wish they had these for more brands-. 
I am a proud owner of aEpiphone Les Paul Custom Proand it fits as snug as can be. He says its great so that is my review. I ordered this for my Epi LP Special 2 and obviously it fits like a glove! Beautiful interior and a comfortable padded handle. It arrived double boxed and wrapped in plastic. 
The inside of the one I received was grey fur. Nice enough that I wouldn't check it at the airport. I use this for my Epiphone Zakk Wylde Custom Les Paul. It fits perfectly in the case, one of the best cases I own and have seen, the carpet is awesome, also has a pocket in the middle, what holds the neck up, and can fit a strap and even a pedal. 
Very nice case for the price. love the case nice and simple, it really look exactly the same as the picture. Basically, this case is very sharp looking - made with good quality materials. The case would probably take a beating over time, but its not a SKB case. 
Awesome crunch and great sustainability. A good solid piece of equipment! It sounds as good as it looks and it is absolutely beautiful! The description listed slight wear marks on the back, but I had to really look hard to find it (one). To sum it up, I love this guitar. I am currently overseas and didn't want to bring my good guitar along. 
Tone control didn't work so it was returned. I bought this at Guitar Center and now wish that I hadn't. I keep in E flat tuning and it stays. But the size is good and almost more comfortable than the Les Paul style. 
But the size is good and almost more comfortable than the Les Paul style. But it was pretty nice even though I felt the fret-board quality is higher on my 900 Gibson Les Paul but what can you expect. I bought this at Guitar Center and now wish that I hadn't. Awesome crunch and great sustainability. 
The reason I said this is that I would have rather saved the taxes, but oh well. The bolt-in neck didn't bother me but the SG 400 doesn't have that which is another reason I would step up next time. The sound from this SG is true to its big brother from Gibson. The sound is let's say. 
Plus, Epiphone has a pretty good reputation in general. Shockingly enough, the guitar was pretty close to being in tune right out of the box! It doesn't seem to have any trouble staying in tune, either. As I went through the checkout I silently reminded myself that I could send it back for any reason. I am here to tell you that I have not found anything wrong with it. 
Recently, I decided to stop internally griping about it and realized I should actually DO something about it. (Pay no mind to the reviews the guy on the GearWire YouTube channel did. He clearly doesn't know what he's talking about and I, as well as everyone else in the comments section, was sure to express my feelings about that, haha! One user even claimed Epiphone should sue him!) Check out the video reviews by the users/companies GoldHat3, SamAshMusic, GigGear, and ShadowFW. Even in the future when I progress and upgrade I will definitely be keeping this lovely gem!If you're still unsure, do what I did and listen to some demos on YouTube. 
First off; let me start by saying I bought this guitar because it was only $100 and I was board on my deployment and wanted something to brush up on before I return home. Do not let the low price fool you but do not expect the guitar to come set up to your tastes. Any guitar that you buy will need to be adjusted to your style of play. The guitar sings beautifully; the tone is rich and vibrant. 
Sound on the other hand? Let's face it. It's plywood all around. Leave it in your car to practice at lunch. You are going to have to spend more than a hundred bucks to be happy. 
It is still in great condition. Leave it in the office. It's plywood all around. Leave it in your car to practice at lunch. 
This bag fits my Epiphone Les Paul II electric guitar very well. Does the Job !. but no room to spare. This gigbag is a very tight fit for my Epiphone Les Paul. 
Fit like a glove, in fact I wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories. Fits a LP Studio perfectly, has room for small items in an outer zippered pocket. Does the Job !. Not many frills to this bag. 
This gigbag is a very tight fit for my Epiphone Les Paul. Not many frills to this bag. This houses your guitar and I have a couple humidipaks  in there because I live in a northern desert. Their is minimal padding, so it is little more than a dust cover. 
For the price, it has better padding than I expected and is equipped with carrying handles and a shoulder strap with metal buckles and snaps. This bag is light, with two back pack straps, a pocket for accessories, excellent quality material and a good quality zipper. This gigbag is a very tight fit for my Epiphone Les Paul. This houses your guitar and I have a couple humidipaks  in there because I live in a northern desert. 
I would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag. I purchased it for that reason. It does the job. Fit like a glove, in fact I wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories. 
Does the Job !. It will prevent my guitar from scuffs, dings, dent & dirt, but that's it. This bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage. Not many frills to this bag. 
Not many frills to this bag. At &lt;$20, this is a great bargain, but it is a very basic bag. Good quality bag for my Epi LP. This bag fits my Epiphone Les Paul II electric guitar very well. 
Some will argue that these are not necessary for your monitors, however as somebody who has worked in music for more than half their life, I can assure you that, whereas they're not life or death, they do make a significant improvement on the listening process, especially in your project studio. Even cooler is the fact that the pads come with 2 extra pieces of padding that will essentially let you customize the position of the monitors in that you can angle them up or down ever-so-slightly. My problem started when I noticed that my mixes sounded good on other systems except for the bass frequencies around 80-125 HZ. What can I say?  The bass, which previously had disappeared in my studio, is now present again!  My monitors sounded kinda thin before because I was losing so much energy to my desk, but these things have made a ton of difference!  My stereo image even feels wider now!Sure, they're a little pricy, but hey. 
I feel more vibration from a hard drive spinning on my desktop than the sounds coming out of my speakers. Ok, so I just installed these things for my KRK 6's (no stands. No more desk vibrations and the sound out of my monitors are very clear now. just sitting on two other speakers). 
No more desk vibrations and the sound out of my monitors are very clear now. Sitting your monitors or speakers on these pads will produce an even better quality sound experience and they also will get rid of unwanted bass vibrations from your desk. I'm using them to angle my speakers up in addition to isolating them from the desk surface. Unfortunately, these angle the speakers down by default, so I had to do some cutting and rearranging, but it worked out. 
No, they're not going to make your music sound any better, but they will give you a more detailed and accurate bass response when your monitoring. Sitting your monitors or speakers on these pads will produce an even better quality sound experience and they also will get rid of unwanted bass vibrations from your desk. These pads make my bookshelf speakers sound AMAZING. Even cooler is the fact that the pads come with 2 extra pieces of padding that will essentially let you customize the position of the monitors in that you can angle them up or down ever-so-slightly. 
I do only wish i could of found these in a smaller size since they are way bigger then my 5" monitors. These really do work great. Ok, so I just installed these things for my KRK 6's (no stands. If you need to cut these to fit your speakers, try to find something better than scissors, because it's quite hard to cut the foam evenly with them. 
These pads are a must for an amateur recording studio setup with little or no acoustic treatment. I love that you can use the extra pads to angle them any way you want for your set up. At $40, you can't go wrong with these pads for you studio. These are laser cut pads for your studio monitors. 
What can I say? These are probably the most well-known pads available and probably the best. He said he loved them. These isolators not only support them very well but solved a big problem I had. These MoPads are pretty amazing. 
I've used these picks for years with great results. i've been using these tortex picks for a few years now and won't buy any others. good deal. If you've never used this stile picks you won't be sorry. 
I use it as recommended by the container and it keeps the strings nice and conditioned, but I'm with other people here who commented that you can't really tell how much of the stuff is left inside. I use sections of t shirts to clean my strings and put them inside the packaging along with the cloth. They should have included something that doesn't fall apart. Good idea to keep more than one of these around. 
Couldn't be any easier. Excellent product, simple and practical design,holds firmly inside the guitar mouth and keeps humidity levels in the safe zone. This is a upgraded version of the guitar humdifier, The first one had that green stuff that florists use in it and you used a plastic syringe to ad water to it. I wish it was a little longer lasting but it does do the trick. 
It is a simple design that fits perfectly between the strings. Easy to use because really all you have to do is moisturize the sponge and keep it in the plastic container. It's a plastic sponge holder with holes in it; nothing special but it does the job. If you don't over-fill, it will not drip, and you can simply place it in your case instead of the usual sponge. 
I have an electronic indoor/outdoor thermometer that shows relative humidity and a whole house humidifier. Many guitars come shipped with these and their job is to remove humidity from the case. The whole house humidifier pumps out about 3 gallons of water a day into a 1500 sq ft house during the fall and winter keeping the indoor humidity around 47%. Planet Waves humidifiers are simple to use and a great product to guard against drying your guitar and causing splitting. 
I strongly suggest getting an Oasis case humidifier, (or similar) mini sized about 1&#34; X 4&#34; costing around 17-20 bucks. This compact humidifier is easily filled with an included plastic syringe. I thought I would throw my two-cents in about the new design and effectiveness of this soundhole humidifier. This would be more extreme to the guitar than the humidifier or any harm it could cause. 
I strongly suggest getting an Oasis case humidifier, (or similar) mini sized about 1&#34; X 4&#34; costing around 17-20 bucks. This compact humidifier is easily filled with an included plastic syringe. I thought I would throw my two-cents in about the new design and effectiveness of this soundhole humidifier. This would be more extreme to the guitar than the humidifier or any harm it could cause. 
(I did not buy that one) If feedback is an issue in your practice space, get the one with the switch, otherwise opt out for better clarity. Get this mic. You will have no shame in your game with this in in your arsenal. This mic is great! I have one I have used from coast to coast to coast to coast. 
This mic is great! I have one I have used from coast to coast to coast to coast. Get this mic. Not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do. But, it works. 
Get this mic. Not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do. But, it works. I got these mics because I am in an environment where we needed the ON/OFF toggle on the microphone and - for us - it works great. 
As a veteran bluseman I recommend it. (I did not buy that one) If feedback is an issue in your practice space, get the one with the switch, otherwise opt out for better clarity. Wish I'd have gotten something a little nicer though. It rocks! As clean as a marsh 'possum. 
But, it works. This mic is great! I have one I have used from coast to coast to coast to coast. Not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do. You will have no shame in your game with this in in your arsenal. 
I have had this amp for quite some time and find that it does exactly what I want it to!  It is so much easier to carry around and needs no outlet. Haven't cranked it up yet for that dirty blues sound but I'm sure it'll sound awesome too. Turn in half way up, you get a clean sound. I didn't know a little battery powered amp could sound so good. 
Like I said, I WILL use this occasionally, especially during summer months when we cruise in the convertible or in the conversion van. Otherwise, you will hear too much ground asphalt in the sound. For me the classic Pignose-and-a-Strat sound is the opening of "I Looked Away" from Layla, but I'm sure everyone's got their favorites. A chorus pedal sounds totally sweet on it, but a phaser, in my case, a Phase 90, just destroys the sound. 
Fantastic. Just love this little amp. Holy guacamole, you guys- this amp. I was terrified at first because I plugged in and turned on and had NO SOUND. 
I actually got this for my acoustic-electric ukulele and it sounds beautiful through it. It reaches a point, if pushed too hard, at which the definition of the distortion will begin turning mushy and shrill. For the money, you can't beat it. Loud enough to "feel the air" and coax a variety of natural-sounding distorted tones. 
crank it maxed and you get that distortion that made it so famous. This crunch is unique and the world loves it, as simple and plain as that. I have other amps of higher power that can get a LOT louder that the Pignose, but I just LOVE the level of distortion it gives; I cannot get this crunch with the other amps, no matter how much pedals, bells, whistles I have tried. At first thought it was broken, but batteries were  not sitting in right. 
It sounded much clearer and cleaner when it was opened a couple of inches. Fantastic. You can use a distortion + overdrive to decent effect, especially if you are running a cleaner sounding OD like a Tube Screamer. As for using pedals with it, it will take distortion to a degree. 
I don't have a fuzz box (not yet, but have one on order), but I think most fuzzes will sound like crap unless you use a relatively cleaner, sweeter one like the Red Witch Fuzz God or the Seymour Duncan Tweak Fuzz. I look forward to the comments the amp will get, I'm sure way more than my guitar playing skills as I still have a lot to learn. It also operates on batteries which makes this little thing quite the gem to take with us this summer. Now I can take the Fender or Gibson electrics rather than the acoustic. 
Using this to mic my Mesa Boogie Mark V 1x12 cabinet. Comes with a cable clip and an adjustment piece for smaller mic adapters. For larger amps that are on the floor or tiltback stands, this mic stand will still allow you to position the mic where you need it. I place the mic on the batter side of the drum about three feet back. 
You must turn one foot in the direction of use to get a full extension but with a minute retraction, it will stand securely in any direction. For larger amps that are on the floor or tiltback stands, this mic stand will still allow you to position the mic where you need it. If I need another stand I will buy this one again with no hesitation. But for each, this stand is excellent in my opinion. 
I got mine set up to extend up to 3ft tall. Just find something semi heavy and find a way to attached it to the existing counter-weight, and it will be excellent. Then, I attached the standard pop filter, and the microphone started tipping it over. If you're looking to do some desktop podcasting or internet radio, then, it's perfect. 
5/5, though it would have been nice if it shipped with more than just the single cable clip. So this mic won't play nice with your large condensers + pop filters + shockmount at the start, but, just find a good counter weight and all will be well. I have quite a few mic stands, and picked this up to use for micing a guitar cabinet. If you're looking to do some desktop podcasting or internet radio, then, it's perfect. 
It looks great, and will definitely be easy on the eyes in any room. Many adjustments to get just the right position. It was a good investment, and all in all, you definitely get what you pay for. I've mounted my Samson Q1U Dynamic Cardioid USB microphone to it. 
You should make sure one of the feet is pointing in the exact same direction as the microphone arm so that way the downward force is applied directly onto the support leg. This is a well made table top stand. I would recommend this to any of my critical buddies. This would work fine for drummers. 
this mic gives a great range of recording purposes! Seems well built and rugged, the only complaint I have is that the face plate on the front fell off after only a month of light use, they must use a cheap adhesive for it, I had to clean both surfaces and give it a dab of gorilla glue to get the plate back on. I use it in a small home studio set-up, along with a Presonus Firebox and Logic Pro on a Macbook. I also got an Oktava MK-319 that is a much more expensive mic, and that was then sent to be mod'ed by Michael Joly (and therefore cost even more) and I'd say the two mics are very similar. I've since used it on toms, acoustic, a room mic for amps, and even some background vocals, and it has shined every time!So if you're like me and looking for a low-price LDC with multiple patterns, GET THIS. 
I end up using the CAD M179 a lot more because it's less valuable, but sounds just as good. Although I usually only record vocals, I also record electric guitar, acoustic guitar, and drums with the same microphone. it records just about anything presented to it very naturally with great detail, but without hype or over brightness. Another thing to mention, this is a variable pattern condenser mic. 
Overall, my experience with this microphone has been pretty great. I previously owned an Audio Technica 2020 condenser mic which sounded thin and not as natural to me. Although I usually only record vocals, I also record electric guitar, acoustic guitar, and drums with the same microphone. I've done a good bit of recording over the years. 
May buy one for my dad next!. Fender's new Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand is one of two new stands, the other is for electric guitars. I've got three of these simply because they work and they're easy to carry from place to place. You would almost have to INTENTIONALLY knock it over, I don't think a casual bump would do it. 
I folds down to a very small size but is quite strong. When I get another guitar, I will get another Fender stand to go with it. I have a dreadnaught resting on it now, ready for use. It should work very well with any size acoustic guitar. 
This little Fender stand easily folds up into a package small enough to fit in the storage pocket of my deluxe TRIC case so I can take it with me to class. I like the size of the stand and the flexibility. The stand works as advertised. This fender mini guitar stand works great. 
Thick non scratch foam is a plus. They don't take up a lot of room and they're very light and portable if you want to take them with you to a gig or if you're traveling. Yes, it takes up room and stuff but whatever gets me to practice more and play more is always very helpful. Nice job, Fender. 
I've got three of these simply because they work and they're easy to carry from place to place. The stand works as advertised. Extremely lightweight, compact and portable, it folds up really small so that you can carry it in your guitar case, gig bag or tuck it in the back of your amp,. This little guitar stand works very well. 
The only &#34;Fender&#34; I'll ever be able to afford!. Guitar and I take a trip together. I highly recommend it. Very light, but sturdy and is portable. 
The pin puller, as is usually the case, is a little clumsy to use, but it works. Used it when I restrung my Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. Very pleased. i use to use my hands to turn the tuning pegs and let me tell you that takes forever to take off strings and put them on. 
It works well for guitars and basses, so long as they are the clover style. If it works properly, and it does, what more can you say. Other then that it works just like it says it will. I bought I thought it was cool and different. 
It works well for guitars and basses, so long as they are the clover style. No messing around, fits well in bass tuner knobs, spins well and the cutter is good , this is the one to get. And the string winder itself also works well. You need nothing else to replace your string, no matter if you have an acoustic or a electric guitar, or both. 
Built-in string cutter and bridge pin remover is a plus. I love being able to wind the strings, pull bridge pins and cut excess string with one tool! That frees up space in my hardshell case for other stuff. Seems solid and well built. I bought I thought it was cool and different. 
Used it when I restrung my Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. the built in wire cutter was an awesome idea and works just fine. No messing around, fits well in bass tuner knobs, spins well and the cutter is good , this is the one to get. I'ts not perfect but neither am I So 5 stars, Would recommend to anyone. 
Thick and creamy sound. No question about the quality, though, these hold up the same fine standards as the other Slinky sets. Detune great, good harmonics, great presence, I use them across a whole range of genres, from Death metal to Blues to  Funk and beyond!. The sound is unbelievable. 
I play Progressive and Thrash metal, and these strings hold out nicely. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. The quality Is always the same. I did have an issue with the strings messing with my bridge on my guitar but with some more springs it worked well enough. 
Thick and creamy sound. The sound is unbelievable. I play Progressive and Thrash metal, and these strings hold out nicely. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. 
This set is not for everyone! In fact, you might have to get the neck adjusted after installing this set. I use these on an old Gibson semi-hollow body. Only con is that Ernie Ball strings seem to wear out fast and lose tone. No question about the quality, though, these hold up the same fine standards as the other Slinky sets. 
I read the review on these and thought I would give these a try for the sound they make paired with a LP. Great crucnhy sound for metal, but still a good clean tone too. The quality Is always the same. I bought these to replace the stockers on the EPI LP 100 I just bought. 
Good price. Lasts slmost 3 weeks before the tone dies. Good strings. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. 
So these are heavy strings that work well. They work great. I play Progressive and Thrash metal, and these strings hold out nicely. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. 
I liked the product a lotClean sound, easy to change and much more. Some people say they are too slick. Outstanding string life, superior sound, ease of sliding, I get these strings every time. They feel great, last longer than any other string and most importantly, they sound GREAT. 
However, I've been using Elixir for over 2 years now, and the strings really do last a long time. I would usually replace my strings every month, but I've started leaving them on for up to 6 months. I use a little Finger Grease Spray and I would recommend them to anyone. Elixir strings are my favorite choice of strings for all 8 of my Guitars. 
They seem to create less noise from unintentional slide friction--it's sort of like the difference between flatwound and regular strings--these feel like super-flatwound strings, meaning they feel smooth. Bought these for my son's electric guitar. Price is great!. I liked my Elixir strings on my acoustic, so I knew that the ones for electric would be worth the extra money (as compared to non-coated brands). 
the best thing I've purchase for my guitars this year , I'm not that careful with my guitars maintenance and never though that my fretboard and body finish need that care until i see a video that explain why is important and the live that obviously the instrument get back after cleaning , the 01 and 02 are the best, restore the live of my fretboard, the cleaner and polish make your instrument body shine , the only one that I've just use once is the string conditioner and cannot say because i use this on my brother acoustic guitar and i don't play with it after the cleaning ,but my guitars strings are new right now maybe i update in a few weeks about the strings conditioner. My son was cleaning all his guitars after opening this gift on Christmas morning. Unfortunately, the first one of these I ordered from Amazon arrived with two of the bottles having leaked their contents all over the place. Everything you need to keep your guitar clean and Polished and sexy! no matter if you are a horrible player like me you will get all the chicks because your guitar looks sexy! the girls will love you and the boys too!. 
Worth the money. My son was cleaning all his guitars after opening this gift on Christmas morning. Love this kit. This worked great and the guitars buffed up like never before!. 
Everything from the string cleaner to the polish works very well. It's got everything you need for your high end guitar maintenance. You have to be very careful with the fretboard cleaner because it will dry out the fretboard but the conditioner is included and can be applied after. The string cleaner does not really leave much residue and really does help with string noise. 
The Dunlop system has everything you need to keep your guitar in good condition, and looking great. The two polishing cloths are adequate size, and washable. The string cleaner is nice too. The quantities of product in this kit are good, and the instructions are clear. 
One popped right off the other day and oil got all over the place. I've always cleaned the finger boards with rubbing alcohol then used linseed oil afterwards. I will not buy these again or I will remove them and just use a cloth. I like Dunlop products but. 
Love this kit. The quantities of product in this kit are good, and the instructions are clear. I never realized how dry the wood was. The fretboard cleaner and conditioner are great. 
But come on; this stuff is just fine. Mine came soaked due to the 02 bottle leaking upon arrival. The strings that came with my ukulele were junk so I decided to replace them with aquila strings. This is my first foray into that world. 
They are excellent. I've never had a problem. I've written a review before. I really like the strings they sound very bright and go well with my guitar I do hope they last quite a while I put them on a bout a month ago but that guitar is only lightly played so I will try to update when I change them. 
The Elixir brand acoustic guitar strings keep their brand-new 'sound' a lot longer than any other brand. They are so tuneful, they make an ordinary acoustic guitar sound beautiful. Taylor ships this guitar with these strings - and for a good reason!  They sound wonderful - right out of the box! Like with most/all 12-string guitars, lights or extra lights are most often appropriate - the feel of these Nanowbs is smoth and easy and the tome they generate, in tandum with the instrument, bring out it's best resonance and sustainability. My only concern is that if the strings aren't wound properly they seem brittle and break. 
These are my favorite guitar strings! They are very long-lasting and sound great!I would recommend these for anyone, beginners or even people who play seriously or perform. I only use elixirs on my taylor now 1, because they last months on end while maintaining that new string zing, and 2 because they are soooooo smooth. It's like playing a silk guitar. I am very happy with the Elixir brand strings. 
Feels and looks good right out of the box. I have a bit of buzzing on one fret, but that can easily be fixed with a good sanding and polish. As others have noted, the finish can vary drastically. Mine is much darker than the stock photo and the grain is much less noticeable. 
One of the screws by the jack was loose, nearly stripped, when I got it. The photo shows it looking almost like a red colored wood; in reality, it's a much darker, deep brown, akin to coffee. CONS:Tuners may or may not slip when playing hard. Good quality construction. 
More than my other guitars (again not a pro). I have a bit of buzzing on one fret, but that can easily be fixed with a good sanding and polish. But I really wanted &#34;natural wood&#34; and it isn't. It has all I expected it to have in terms of playability and range. 
Good quality construction. One of the screws by the jack was loose, nearly stripped, when I got it. My biggest complaint is that the finish on the body is thicker and less &#34;natural&#34; that the image appears to be. I'm not a pro by any means. 
I play it every day. One knock on it I have seen online before buying was that the tuners don't hold tight, I have not yet had this problem after a week of playing it, including some drastic bends. Was essentially ready to play right out of the box, with a few quick turns of the tuning pegs. Hardware is slightly better than expected for this price point. 
Hardware is slightly better than expected for this price point. One of the screws by the jack was loose, nearly stripped, when I got it. Overall, looks a nice piece, especially for the cost. Sure, there are plenty of other options out there, but I just had it in my head thats what I wanted. 
Sure enough, the lining is soft and well-padded. and boy, not the best thing for it in small enclosed storage spaces). The hardware works as it should, and the build quality is almost perfect. Plush interior with a small, yet roomy, compartment located under the neck. 
The case fits my A-type mandolin perfectly, and provides the protection needed to safely transport it in a car trunk or other place where it will be bumped around. I recommend this to anyone with an A-style mandolin. Stagg STB-10W  Acoustic Guitar BagEpiphone Case for Epiphone Dot, Sheraton, 335. Sure enough, the lining is soft and well-padded. 
The plugs are of excellent quality also. I'm really impressed!. I urge you to purchase if you are looking. I have been using Monster for years. 
So far I've not had any problems with them, but haven't put them through a lot of use just yet. Thinking about buying another one. Clear and no static. Great stuff. 
Through the bass amp, though, the tone is absolutely clean and clear. The one thing I've found is that I get a significantly more natural acoustic guitar sound playing the Woody through my Ampeg bass amp than through my Peavey guitar amp. I've owned a Seymour Duncan Woody for several months now, and have had a chance to try it out with various amps, with the pickup tipped for a stronger low end or high end, and so on. The high ends are too grating through an electric guitar amp and there's a tendency for distortion to creep in, even with the clean setting. 
This mic is fine. One should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard. It fits very well and sounds great!. It has a very warm and soft tone and picks up notes very well. 
Good sound throughout the spectrum - full lows and bright highs, without too much emphasis on either. One should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard. Could not get to fit small sound hole. The drawbacks:1) You need to be pay attention when installing and removing - you can damage the sound hole on your guitar if you're not careful. 
This mic is fine. Otherwise, a wonderful product at a great price. It takes some skill to EQ things to the point of normalcy. Once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. 
Once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. Could not get to fit small sound hole. One should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard. The pickup itself is very nice and pretty easy to use but the plastic thing wrapped around the cable really annoyed me. 
It fits very well and sounds great!. Prolly sounds better anyway!!. Would not buy it. Once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. 
The pickup itself is very nice and pretty easy to use but the plastic thing wrapped around the cable really annoyed me. How the heck were you supposed to take those off without damaging the cable? Anyway, the pickup sounds very nice and i'm happy. Once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. This acoustic pickup is the most amazing thing ever. 
I don't think I'll ever even buy an electric acoustic now since I have this thing. It's a very good investment if you play guitar but don't have an electric acoustic. Prolly sounds better anyway!!. This acoustic pickup is the most amazing thing ever. 
Being lightweight is a big plus as well, and also the secure feeling of having a HSC. Just remember that this model is for standard type axes; Strats, Teles and such. A friend and I have run across a luthier who makes some cool stuff as well as repairing/restoring older guitars. I will definitely buy this again for other guitars and highly recommend it. 
It is similar to SKB and fits my guitar very nicely. If you need basic protection of your guitar, this will do very well. the it is very good for a Stratocaster and there is a little extra room inside for tuner, picks, tuning forks, capo, etc. The neck is cradled in there nice and the guitar doesn't move at all. 
I have heard that some are too long for it. A friend and I have run across a luthier who makes some cool stuff as well as repairing/restoring older guitars. Being lightweight is a big plus as well, and also the secure feeling of having a HSC. the it is very good for a Stratocaster and there is a little extra room inside for tuner, picks, tuning forks, capo, etc. 
This is the best case ever for the money!  I have purchased four other cases and none are as well constructed as the Gator Deluxe. My buddy likes the case so I am happy. I like this case so much, I plan to purchase two more this week. (except the steel ones). 
I check the guitar in baggage with this case and it seems to protect it just fine. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99. My buddy likes the case so I am happy. Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, I just ordered another SKB Fender case. 
The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on. It is similar to SKB and fits my guitar very nicely. The neck is cradled in there nice and the guitar doesn't move at all. After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up. 
I use it when I travel on a plane especially. This Gator Case is very good, I'm use with a fender stratto and it is fit perfectly on this one. A friend and I have run across a luthier who makes some cool stuff as well as repairing/restoring older guitars. This is the best case ever for the money!  I have purchased four other cases and none are as well constructed as the Gator Deluxe. 
The screen is like the kind you see behind microwave oven doors. What I like about this mic is that I can throw it inside a bubble mailer or wrap it in a scarf for storage and not have to worry about crushing or damaging it, and it doesn't need a big case like some condensers and especially tube mics do. Use a plastic thing like a guitar pick to switch them, as metal will scratch it. Also if the mic is aimed too low on your face (like at the lower lip or chin) you'll sound like you have a stuffy nose. 
So if you're singing with an echoey room behind you, it will pick that up. It works fantastically on death metal growls and clean singing atop sparse/acoustic/clean backgrounds. On the back end of the tube is a round plate you remove with a hex key and under the plate are multiple EQ adjustments for Flat/Bass Rolloff/Presence Boost settings that you can fiddle with to get the sound you like best. Pulling back an inch gets into tinny muddy territory, and an inch too close makes for a strong proximity effect. 
Sometimes this was not of my own selection, but I just used what was available. Also if the mic is aimed too low on your face (like at the lower lip or chin) you'll sound like you have a stuffy nose. What I like about this mic is that I can throw it inside a bubble mailer or wrap it in a scarf for storage and not have to worry about crushing or damaging it, and it doesn't need a big case like some condensers and especially tube mics do. Unfortunately even these very best condensers also pick up lots of things you didn't intend and also have at least a trace of self generated noise. 
Today's SM7B is the best non-condenser vocal microphone still in production. I consider the SM5 to have been the very best vocal dynamic microphone ever created but it hasn't been in production in ages. The others are more versatile, but the SM7B is "THE VOICE" microphone and that was all it was intended to be. If you want the best dynamic vocal microphone, here it is. 
It rejects what's behind and to the side, but in front it's pretty sensitive. With the SM7B the shockmount is built into the microphone and does a surprisingly good job and Shure includes two different foam windscreens (one for normal use and one for ultra-close up use) with the microphone. It really does. But for announcing, broadcasting, vocal performance and vocal recording, I don't see how anything could possibly equal let alone surpass it. 
I sit. Nice padded seat, well constructed. It works. I don't know how it would hold up for touring or constant use, but it is perfect for my needs, as I am a guitarist who plays drums for demos in the studio. 
The padding is just about right and feels good and comfortable for the session times for which I have used it. It works. The only issue I have is that the seat can swivel if not tightened properly, allowing the bolt to scratch the metal post (not a big deal). love Amazon, why shop anywhere else?. 
I have had this one and the Bass model for years and they hold up great while showing their age well. I bought this pedal at a local shop and use it with both guitar and Bass. I do notice it is more effective with the guitar than bass, but that is typical. also it comes with an anti slip sticker that you can put underneath the pedal. 
The dyna comp does still equal out my sound from clean to overdrive. It just sounds more organic, and less sterile than the Boss Pedal. Its OK, the adjust ability is not what i would like but it does have some uses and its built like a tank. This compressor is a must have for my bass guitar rig and is used often in my other musicians' electric guitar rigs. 
i currently have this on my pedal board along with a Digitech MainSqueeze which is less expensive, more adjustable and just more versatile. also it comes with an anti slip sticker that you can put underneath the pedal. The pedal seems to interact with a wah in good ways also. nuff said. 
still needed a nice touch. It's an all around quality product that I imagine I'll still have twenty years from now. This guy filled the need! Using the Effects Loop, no need of Volume or Gain, the sound is way much richer and definition for different types of guitars is beautiful. The box is solid and fairly easy to manipulate on stage, but I tend to set and forget. 
It is just an on/off switch, so no half modeling here,The only reason I gave this unit 4 stars instead of 5 is because Yamaha decided not to include a polarity switch and alienate perhaps 20% of the market who will get home and , if they hadn't thought to check, may be stuck wi a pedal that sustains when not being used and stops sustaining when pressed. ) or generics. No other review stated that, so I figured I would mention for the next guy or gal who orders as that caused my some anxiety when ordering ( I hate returning things. Hopefully this helps some who have posted questions. 
The price seems very good for what you get out of this pedal. Well constructed pedal, a nice addition to my recording studio. This is an inexpensive, sturdy sustain pedal that I immediately buy every time I get a new Yamaha keyboard - This pedal feels very similar to the damper pedal on an acoustic piano - much better than any footswitch. Fits and works well. 
Fits and works well. Well constructed pedal, a nice addition to my recording studio. This pedal works with the Yamaha Motif, that was my main concern when ordering. I have, however, needed to take the pedal apart and made an adjustment. 
Does what it should and Yamaha quality. Great accessary for Yamaha keyboards. I am using on a Yamaha board. I bought this pedal to replace one that was not working with my Yamaha Motif, simple and easy set up, just plugged it in and it worked fine, no complaints. 
This is an inexpensive, sturdy sustain pedal that I immediately buy every time I get a new Yamaha keyboard - This pedal feels very similar to the damper pedal on an acoustic piano - much better than any footswitch. Well constructed pedal, a nice addition to my recording studio. The price seems very good for what you get out of this pedal. This pedal works with the Yamaha Motif, that was my main concern when ordering. 
Design - some older pedals used to have a flip out rubber footrest that was supposed to make the pedal more secure- I don't see that much anymore, but, so long as you aren't on glossy hardwood, this will stay I place with no issue. have purchased every brand and style of pedal (for the purpose of this, we'll stick with sustain. A backward sustain pedal is not fun. I've read a few reviews that give this pedal a bad rating because of what appears to be a change in a global setting on a keyboard, or something similar,  All a sustain pedal consist of is a momentary contact switch, engaged when contact is made by depressing and completing the circuit, and disengaged when the pedal is released. 
You just have to remember not to turn on the keyboard with your foot down otherwise it switches polarity and does the opposite of what you want it to. It's great to have sustain again on my keyboard again. LOL),. Well constructed pedal, a nice addition to my recording studio. 
Does what it should and Yamaha quality. Great accessary for Yamaha keyboards. I am using on a Yamaha board. I bought this pedal to replace one that was not working with my Yamaha Motif, simple and easy set up, just plugged it in and it worked fine, no complaints. 
It's great to have sustain again on my keyboard again. I am using on a Yamaha board. I bought this pedal to replace one that was not working with my Yamaha Motif, simple and easy set up, just plugged it in and it worked fine, no complaints. Great accessary for Yamaha keyboards. 
I might tinker some more at some point, probably when it comes time to replace the strings, but for now I am quite happy with the playability and sound of this full-bodied dreadnought, which is rich and resonant and very impressive. I am impressed by the quality of materials, components, and construction. The result was very sore fingers. The bridge needed lowered slightly and the nut held the strings way too high above the frets. 
It sounds good and looks really nice. I like how the wood finish isn't all slick, has a nice natural feel to it. I'll admit I bought it because it was cheap so I could practice playing on it and not have to worry about it becoming damaged, but it sounds great and plays really well. I get compliments on it. 
I have been playing for about 30 years and was really impressed with the quality of this guitar and the sweet, full, rich sound. For example, the tuning machines are substantial and heavily chromed; they work smoothly, and firmly hold the strings in tune. I've paid hundreds of dollars more for guitars that didn't sound anywhere near as nice and natural as this one does. She is learning to play guitar and the classical guitar I gave her was just too wide for her little fingers to reach. 
I am impressed by the quality of materials, components, and construction. It sounds good and looks really nice. It is a slightly darker color than the picture, as others have mentioned. It still looks pretty. 
It did have chemical smell but as I open items in garage,near trash can for the packaging. This is nearly identical to theGuardian Cases CG-020-B Bass Guitar Caseat about half the cost. If you still opt for the Musician's Gear case, you are still getting relatively good value and are certainly making a large step up from a soft gig bag. Also note that I have only used this case for a Fender Jazz Bass, so any long-scale J- or P-style basses will fit. 
It's not really a case that is meant for heavy travel (like checking it a the airport) but it definitely will take good care of your bass during normal travel. Totally happy with service and product. When I was looking for a Bass Case I just wanted something that was not too expensive and would protect my bass. I keep several music/note. 
That said, they do a great job at protecting guitars that aren't out on a stand. These are by no means touring cases. I have many expensive cases for my guitars and recently started playing bass,  but not too serious just wanted a nice little case for it. When I was looking for a Bass Case I just wanted something that was not too expensive and would protect my bass. 
My old roommmate stole my drum sticks so this was the next cheapest thingthey play well on the pads. sad right?i do play instruments (guitar & piano) some drums but it's not why i bought these drum sticks. i'm sure they'd have nice action off a snare drum and high hat in real life. These sticks are solid hickory, which is insanely durable, and sounds great for classic rock, and punk rock drums. 
You will always get quality from vic firth. They lasted me about two weeks before I had to move on to another before. They are some of the best drum sticks i've played. i'm sure they'd have nice action off a snare drum and high hat in real life. 
My 8th graders are literally beating the crap out of these sticks. sad right?i do play instruments (guitar & piano) some drums but it's not why i bought these drum sticks. My old roommmate stole my drum sticks so this was the next cheapest thingthey play well on the pads. The principal is mad at me because I told them that a real drummer plays constantly, so the walls in the halls, cafeteria tables, and classroom desks are getting pounded constantly. 
However, it didn't seem to bother my daughter nearly as much as it did me. I very recently bought this guitar for my young daughter based on the previous reviews. It was packaged very well and it took a while just to get the guitar out of the packaging. She's joined the jazz band at her school and since she is smaller than the average 12 year old, she needed a smaller sized guitar. 
I was very impressed by this little guitar. That guitar sounds magically beautiful for guitar of that level and cost. The notes are surprisingly clean-sounding coming from a guitar that's so low-priced. The build quality seemed good and toggle and pods were noiseless. 
The four neck bolts continually came loose, no amount of tweaking could get the intonation right (Note: adults should probably play the Mini-Strat "tuned- up". The pickups are functional, if a bit thin sounding compared to the Seymour Duncans I have on my full-size Strat. I play mine at F - Bb - Eb - G# - C - F. I've been interested in learning how to play the guitar for a long time, but the huge problem for me was finding something that was both affordable and made for smaller hands, as I'm rather petite. 
She'll find the small stuff in her stocking this Christmas!  I can't wait for us to do some mother and daughter electric guitar duets!!. That really worked well to tune the guitar. She's a great classical guitarist (I teach classical guitar) so playing an electric guitar was a new experience for her. I bought this to replace my son's previous guitar that had broken from hard use. 
Now that I have had it awhile I would love for it to be acoustic/electric but again. Playabilty is very good with low action and good tone. First off, let's get the dimensions out of the way; for some reason, finding these basic dimensions on a lot of guitars and cases is close to impossible; just try to find the dimensions of the DR-212 on the Epiphone web site. Really is a great buy!. 
What's not to love? (Note: the picture shows a more whitish finish, but it's a normal natural finish like you'd see on most acoustic guitars. Nice natural finish, all shiny and new. How does it look?Great. How does it sound?Fantastic. 
I wish I'd bought it long ago. Most of my life Epiphones were dull over coated junk, not anymore, and it seems that Epiphone is selling cheap to get people to try them. After I few hours of play, I retune it and its marginally out of tune, I thought at this price the tuners would be of poor quality, while they are not grover tuners, they get it done. What's not to love? (Note: the picture shows a more whitish finish, but it's a normal natural finish like you'd see on most acoustic guitars. 
Overall, they are attractive, well-made hangars. It's fork is a tad large for the ukulele  It has rubber o-rings that slide, so I can bring them in and the uke does fit then. For guitars, it's not as good as Hercules. I used this on the side of a wooden bookshelf for my ukulele. 
its cheap and the quality its great cant complain. Consider it for your needs. great find, well worth the purchase price. Hercules Stands Wallmount Guitar Hanger GSP39WBUpdate 9/7/11: the more I use it, the less I like it. 
Will hold any guitar that I've seen. It's well made. I deducted one point for the fact that, even though it's adjustable (the o-rings), and advertised for ukes, it doesn't work well for them. It likely works fine for a guitar, though. 
This thing works great and it looks very stylish with the guitar hanging on the wall. Still using it today, 2 years later. Very good idea and holds it perfectly. The CC11 model -- this one -- works well with any kind of guitar including bass or acoustic. 
But then, even the three inch deep uke is close to the bookcase (or wall, if you use it there). Many uke players simply nail a single nail in the wall and use a loop off string from it around the uke head and tuners. I bought 2 of them, and each holds my precious basses with tender care and worry-free security!  And no, I don't own stock in the company!  :-). I bought 2 of these and hung 2 fender strats on my wall. 
Very easy to take off/put on. For years I've used the super-cheap "rake hangers" you can get at hardware stores - the metal "U" coated in rubber, with the heavy-duty screw end. These are fine, except that some guitars don't want to fit, and recently when trying to widen the mouth of one the weld failed and so the "U" detached from the screw part. They're holding up very well. 
but do consider you means of mounting carefully. There are variants for other instruments, but a relatively wide range will be held securely by this unit. I opted to use more heavy weight wall anchors that I got from Home depot. 2 hangers rated to hold up to 75 lbs each equals 150 lbs worth of peace of mind!  The hanger itself that I bought was used, so it was already assembled, so I can't comment too much on the assembly process. 
It adjusts tall enough for standing as well as low enough to sit next to my easy chair in the evening. It holds my heaviest books without tipping over. This one is much better although not quite as portable. Works for me!. 
Really am liking On Stage products, also bought 2 of their boom mic stands and they are excellent. On Stage makes some very nice products. On the plus side, music stays put on this one, it's very stable and the height is fully adjustable. I was surprised of how well this stand is made. 
The top doesn't fold like some of the more expensive Stagg  Hercules stands, so if you're using it for gigging, that may be something to consider. On Stage makes some very nice products. Really am liking On Stage products, also bought 2 of their boom mic stands and they are excellent. For the $$ it's the best buy in my opinion. 
On Stage makes some very nice products. Really am liking On Stage products, also bought 2 of their boom mic stands and they are excellent. On the plus side, music stays put on this one, it's very stable and the height is fully adjustable. That would have been perfect! Otherwise, it works fine. 
CONS:  It's heavy; the handle is positioned oddly and at an angle; it has some "Made in China" characteristics. I've had several cases and this is one of the nicest. I got this for my Epi Sheraton II:PROS:  It fits perfectly; it's "fur" lined and has a decent sized internal compartment; it's solid and the hardware is sturdy; it has one locking latch (out of five), but nothing that would stop a real thief; it has two knobs on the bottom that allow the case to stand on end without tipping over, two knobs on the side for when you put it down on its side, and three knobs on the back that allow it to lay down without being completely on the ground; it's relatively thin. great case for my Epiphone Sheraton II! If you own a dot, sheraton, or a 335, you should buy this case! It comes with a key so you can lock it. 
I seriously doubt that and have to wonder on what he bases that on. But since it does it's a good place to hide a $3000 Gibson 335. Someone else seems to think it's made by Epiphone. I have several Epiphone 335 Dots and a Gibson ES335. 
I probably wouldn't store my guitar in this case for long periods cuz I'd worry about tension on the strings. I think the case probably pushes the arm down a little bit even in this position. The guitar fits snugly in the plush lined case. The case is sturdy enough to protect my guitar from knocks and dings while the plush inside pampers the guitar's finish. 
CONS:  It's heavy; the handle is positioned oddly and at an angle; it has some "Made in China" characteristics. How do I know that you're wondering? They have a TKL tag on the inside of the accessory compartment. I got this for my Epi Sheraton II:PROS:  It fits perfectly; it's "fur" lined and has a decent sized internal compartment; it's solid and the hardware is sturdy; it has one locking latch (out of five), but nothing that would stop a real thief; it has two knobs on the bottom that allow the case to stand on end without tipping over, two knobs on the side for when you put it down on its side, and three knobs on the back that allow it to lay down without being completely on the ground; it's relatively thin. One is a single cutaway reissue and the other is a vintage double cutaway. 
Mine came almost scuff free out of the box, but there were a few signs that it had been handled a bit before packing. Also, the strip of fabric that holds the lid open seems overly thin and not well implemented. If I could make just two criticisms, it would be that I notice the stitching appears to be single stitched, rather than double stitched. Finished in faux leather, a nice scuff resistant vinyl of some sort, much like the old Fender Tolex. 
When my case arrived I feared it was too small to hold my Epiphone Dot. great case for my Epiphone Sheraton II! If you own a dot, sheraton, or a 335, you should buy this case! It comes with a key so you can lock it. I have to turn the arm of the Bigsby around, facing down, to close the case. I think the case probably pushes the arm down a little bit even in this position. 
Plastic attachment clutch and EXTREMELY thin gauge metal. GOD Bless the U. Who knows what REAL QUALITY would cost these days?Still, I do feel good knowing that an English speaking, tax paying U. Made in the U. 
The M48 is well built, sturdy and well balanced enough that I have no concerns about tipping, even when it is loaded with several music books and a folder of sheet music. citizen got to meet his house payment making these. Plastic attachment clutch and EXTREMELY thin gauge metal. This is a heavier duty and higher quality music stand than most. 
[review updated after more time spent with the mic]Well, there's definitely some detail missing in the mids, but it has a generally pleasing "very fat" (aka muddy) tone. I would recommend this mike to anyone for vocals or miking acoustic guitars in your recording studio or portastudio. You'd be better off with a similarly-priced small-diaphragm condenser and a windscreen. I don't think I'd use it to track the vocals on anything, but it works. 
It took me a while to figure out how to implement this mic. I love this mic and would replace if it ever breaks. Makes a fair snare drum mic. I would recommend this mike to anyone for vocals or miking acoustic guitars in your recording studio or portastudio. 
I love this product. Almost a gold, but not quite. It's not bad or anything, just different. And frankly, the thing could be purple for all I care- as long as it produces great sound, that's all that matters. 
this is one of the best mics in this price range. because like when you be spittin some siK leeriX and all like i be going in the paint like weezy and eminem ya feel me. I only use three mics, and this is my main vocal, drum overhead, and acoustic guitar mic (although I use two mics on the guitar). I would recommend this mike to anyone for vocals or miking acoustic guitars in your recording studio or portastudio. 
man ya'll yall better quick get this here mic yo cuz it's all good and stuff man. Again these microphones are made for studio I use it live, again you have to have a good PA System for these to work great. ay yo let's go. The MXL 990 sounds just as every bit as good as some very expensive mikes I have used. 
This hanger works great for hanging my guitar out of the way, safe and secure. Holds the guitar out at a safe distance. Perfect for hanging displaying your guitars. We bought three of these and they are just great. 
Holds the guitar out at a safe distance. They are very nice looking and functional too. not that a guitar should EVER be considered clutter. Spend the extra few bucks on these and SMILE. 
I originally purchased it to hang on drywall (sheetrock) for my 5 year old's mini guitar but once I had it mounted I found that it is strong enough to hold MY ELECTRIC guitar, which is quite heavy and that is amazing to me because usually that kind of weight would pull a mount right out of the sheetrock. I have used these drywall anchors for 10 years now to hang heavy wood blinds which are raised and lowered daily without anchor failure. I like that they pivot so if my daughter pulls them to the left or the right, the piece moves with it and returns it back to balance once she is finished. Excellent design. 
If the drywall anchors are installed correctly you will have no worries about it pulling out of the drywall. Some people are not comfortable using the drywall anchors that are included with this hanger. The only options are the drywall anchors. I have used these drywall anchors for 10 years now to hang heavy wood blinds which are raised and lowered daily without anchor failure. 
These hangers are easy to install, just find a stud behind the sheetrock or any wood to install it on and you are in business. I have 7 of them and I have hung everything from a Fender bass to a takamine acoustic with no trouble. The Y headstock holder pivots to accommodate asymmetrical headstocks like a Stratocaster. Haven't had an issue with any in the 4-5 months we've had them up. 
I'd rather just pretend that Florida didn't exist. This bag is a good size as just an accessory bag to carry along with a guitar and a combo amp if you have a couple pedals and cables, or some odds and ends you want to bring along. My only qualm is that it's Gator brand, and gators remind me Florida. I bought this specifically for a GT-100. 
There are some design flaws that I could see giving some people trouble over time. This does not. Not much I can add to the review that isn't well covered already. It's a nice bag that offers some protection for your equipment. 
Not much I can add to the review that isn't well covered already. It's a nice bag that offers some protection for your equipment. The shoulder strap makes me feel important. But overall it's a great product. 
The shoulder strap makes me feel important. Pros--------Looks like the same basic quality as my other gator bags-GT-100 Fits like a snug glove (with just a little use it will be perfect)-Front pocket- Reasonable priceCons-------- They cost reduced their logo from a thread stiched logo to a cheap vinyl like silk screen or iron on patch. It fits, snuggly, almost like it was designed for it. The accessory pocket can fit the power supply and the plastic Line 6 expression pedal. 
I'd rather just pretend that Florida didn't exist. It's a nice bag that offers some protection for your equipment. This bag is a good size as just an accessory bag to carry along with a guitar and a combo amp if you have a couple pedals and cables, or some odds and ends you want to bring along. My only qualm is that it's Gator brand, and gators remind me Florida. 
Finding padded bags this size is a pain so if you need this your options are limited. A number of these types of bags are too shallow so the zipper is about to burst once loaded. - Other similar gator bags I own have a wrap around padded handle that velcros the two handles together once the bag is closed. Its very long - I was a bit surprised but that was me misreading it. 
There are some design flaws that I could see giving some people trouble over time. But these are just wish list items. But overall it's a great product. You cannot even get a backpack for this price. 
This does a great job blocking out the wind on a microphone and other unwanted noise. Alot of Zoom H1 users put this over their mics. Works great. Nice texture and it doesn't affect the sound of my mics. 
I use it to protect my microphones from singer&#8217;s saliva :-)Works great and does not fall off. Works just as it should, love it and a great price to boot. I've used it. its a windscreen, this is the first one i have bought but it seems to work how it is supposed to. 
I also use it. I've used it. What can you say about a Foam Ball type mic windscreen?  Well it fits the RODE M1 Mic I was using nice and tight. Will buy more in future. 
Alot of Zoom H1 users put this over their mics. This is a black sponge for smaller mics. I got mine for use with some Behringer mics. Nice texture and it doesn't affect the sound of my mics. 
I sometimes play in a park or outside around the BBQ. What can you say about a Foam Ball type mic windscreen?  Well it fits the RODE M1 Mic I was using nice and tight. I bought this to keep the saliva on the mic to a minimum. Quality is good, didn't tear apart when you put it on the mic and the recorded sound is just fine. 
I also use it. I'm using it mainly to protect the mic's metal screen, but also to keep others' germs off the mic (seeing as how they tend to put their mouths on it!). If you have several different people on the same mic you should buy a stock of these. I received this. 
I also use it. I used these on a Behringer XM8500'sIt fits tight and does not obstruct the tone greatly. This product seems to be a pretty good product. I've used it. 
It holds tune and has not failed yet. I was expecting to be disappointed, but didn't want to invest in a new hobby until I was sure I'd stick with it. No fret buzz, and I just love the feel of the neck. Worth every penny. 
Stays in tune. I wasn't too crazy about the pickguard with all the lettering on it, but finally figured out the lettering was just a sticker that could be easily removed. And the sound. Has a good sound. 
The sound was absolutely fabulous, much better than his current acoustic guitar that cost more than twice as much as this one. The store manager told us that for the price this guitar cannot be beat and that he bought one for his son as well. just lovely, with that ringing tonality one would expect from a steel string guitar, but with some lovely mellow tones where needed as well. I bought my son a thousand dollar Epiphone limited edition electric guitar for his birthday just a few months ago, so when he told me he would like an acoustic guitar for Christmas, I told him an expensive one was not in our budget. 
The tone is a touch wooden; it doesn't sing as the old Taka did. The second probably flows from the first. The first is that the finish is not as good. It's light, comfortable, well made, has a fast neck, and is just marvelous in every way for a beginner like myself. 
Mine effortlessly mate with anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Black, anOn Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone Standand aMusician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand Black, which are the only stands with which I've used this clip. Also I cannot vouch for it as a clip for heavy touring, although for local bar gigs it should easily hold up, and at the price you can afford to purchase some spares (actually, you SHOULD do that. I think I could write a book here. It holds great and keeps the microphone snug into palce. 
Well made, reasonably priced as with most On Stage stuff. Not sure there is much to say about a mic stand clip. Too much of a hassle, really~. Adjustable pivot screw. 
What can I say it works. Great for back up singers. My daughters use all of them every week. I think I could write a book here. 
Not cheap or poorly made at all, a great value. It's great to have a few extra mic clips on hand and for the price, these are great. works very well. it does what's it's suppose to do. 
I've always been pleased with On Stage products, even down to there cheap $3 clips. Definitely would purchase again, solid quality build. Brass threading. I have five or six on hand, including a few spares, and if I needed more clips, this is the one I would purchase. 
A nice little untreated cloth to clean my Taylor guitar. I chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth. Now if I could only play the guitar as well as this cloth cleans it. I tend to have sweaty fingers after playing my guitars. 
There's nothing else to say but to get it if you need it. Peace out. It is thicker and bigger than the ones used with glasses cleaning so I'm sure it can be used to wipe down other things as well. I've used other microfiber cloths, but they tend to break easy and leave "fuzzies" on the strings, which I then have to remove one by one. 
I will be ordering the Levys "Leather Mandolin Strap (Walnut)". Planet Waves Mandolin Strap, Brown. This one is perfect in size and price. It was very hard to get the hole in the strap over the button on my mandolin. 
These are RIGHT ANGLED, and they WILL NOT fit in a lot of pedals including the CRYBABY WAH. I've got 5 effects hooked up to this thing. It's worth it's weight in gold. This product works as advertised, but you should beware. 
This product works as advertised, but you should beware. If i'll get some sound problems i will write an update but i'm confident that it's going to be ok. You have been warned!!!. Great price, great purchase. 
Completely quite. Hard not to like that. Zero complaints. Connected with no problem. 
I bought an extension for it, and so this plug has allowed me to stop using eight batteries. It included a multi-plug cable, but not a right angle one. I only have two pedals, but that was one outlet spot too many, and it really makes a difference when you're onstage with only one power strip. This plug works very well. 
I bought an extension for it, and so this plug has allowed me to stop using eight batteries. This product isn't really one to review but it does what it advertises. I use this in conjugation with a one spot and a boss daisy chain coming from my TU-3 (great tuner by the way). I bought this because I had already bought a "1 spot" plug but as i gained pedals, I needed something to power them without buying more adapters and this is greatest way to solve that problem. 
It will save you a lot of money on batteries and aggravation when you battery runs out on stage. It's worth it's weight in gold. It's probably not practical, but I wish they made more sizes. It fits beautifully and powers all of them at once. 
The sound is clear and warm on my Yamaha and my Martin. I personally like the sound better than the Martin ESs I have tried but that is a personal choice. The strings sound great on my full size acoustic - nice bright, but warm tone, full bodied sound - but not so great on my 3/4 size guitar. I haven't tried many different strings. 
It's quite tedious work. I may consider replacing the tuner machines with better one. so I use a light one, the grounds for using the stiff was the pick will not bend and create delay I guess between the two strings ( same note), the light weight one  works well for me, ( when I do pick this thing up )it is not hard to tune, I use my Ukulele Snarks, and pick one string at a time,  it is a cute guitar regardless and I saw one for sale Used at Guitar Center for 75 bucks, same one. Again though, not that big a deal to fix if it's not. 
One thing you may or may not know is the resale value on these. I am very pleased with the price and the quality. Same with pawnshops, and those people know what these cost new. I got this because I really enjoy the sound of a mandolin and the price is amazingly cheap. 
Often times, it even stay in tune the next days. It stay in tune long enough for me to play one hour straight without having to re-tune. I also didnt feel like I wanted to learn yet another chord set ( tried playing the electric guitar, even going and getting Rocksmith software to learn ( which is prety cool)  anyhow,  I changed the strings on the Baritone to be a ukulele. I may consider replacing the tuner machines with better one. 
One thing you may or may not know is the resale value on these. I am very pleased with the price and the quality. Same with pawnshops, and those people know what these cost new. I got this because I really enjoy the sound of a mandolin and the price is amazingly cheap. 
For 10 more dollars instead of the meshy pop filter you could have this one which looks and feels like it'll last a looong time! If the pop filter fit on right i would have gave 5 stars :x. Works like a champ, gets rid of all those unwanted noises!  Larger than I expected. I use it in front of my Shure Beta 58A, and it's absolutely perfect. This pop filter is built like a tank compared to those cheap cloth and plastic versions that you get at the discount music stores, so it's a bit more expensive, but the quality and functionality is like night and day. 
Also when reading copy, or maybe music, I can see over and through the Blue filter, much better than the round 6 & 1/4 inch jobs Like the Neumann. It's works. This is a design flaw, not with the Pop Filter, but with the Yeti stand, as this filter has been around long before the Yeti came out. I am not going to knock any stars off, because I'm reviewing the filter itself, which is superb and how it works for me. 
Then you could move it forward and simply screw the side mic mount screws into the stand. Also when reading copy, or maybe music, I can see over and through the Blue filter, much better than the round 6 & 1/4 inch jobs Like the Neumann. ) Other brands of filters will give the same, if not more problems. You can contort the neck of the filter in any position easily, cheaper filters I have used in the past, will creep back into unwanted positions, the Blue behaves. 
works exactly like its ad says it would, eliminates pops and secondary noises in the background, easy to install, nice looking. Watch the review in one of the prior posts for fitting it properly to the Yeti microphone. This is a beautiful shock mount. However for the price it didnt perform. 
works exactly like its ad says it would, eliminates pops and secondary noises in the background, easy to install, nice looking. However for the price it didnt perform. Not worth the price. Works like a champ, gets rid of all those unwanted noises!  Larger than I expected. 
Since I have mine hanging upside down, on a boom stand attached to a Blue Radius Shock mount, this is not an issue for me, but I will say it is a problem Blue should fix. It didn't naturally fit onto my Blue Yeti mic which is weird, since this IS a Blue mic and its supposedly universal but whatever i made it work. The Blue Pop is absolutely transparent, no muffling, as with foam filters, The curved design of the Blue Filter also protects the sides from plosives and possible proximity errors of a poorly placed screen or none at all. Next the silk screened Blue logo also helps you find the sweet spot, if you place it in front of the capsule area. 
On sound, these seemed okay at first, but I still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high B and E steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me. And I like the sound better. Guess I'll go back to D'Addario and Ernie Ball. I know, cause I play'em geetar real good-like. 
I know, cause I play'em geetar real good-like. I honestly didn't notice anything different. The guitar now sounds great. Nothing sounds as bright as these strings. 
I use these pins on some of my 3/4 size guitars. If you need to this should be remedied handily by applying a small amount of tape to the pins. Im not sure if they are supposed to be flush, and they stick out just a little bit but they have not popped out. Not really sure if I can notice a difference in sound between these, plastic, or ebony pins that I have but they are attractive and certainly appear to be different. 
If you avoid this you should also avoid the frustrating mishap of having the pin come flying out and poking you in the eye while you're trying to get your guitar in tune (typically ruining a brand new string in the process). Since they are replacing plastic pins I am going to skip scientific analysis and give you a subjective "sounds good". Then insert the pin with the slot facing the neck and push it in firmly. One u never have to worry about breaking them. 
These fit my guitar snugly but not tightly, however I do not have problems with them popping out despite the fact that I do a lot of string bending a whole step or more (sometimes using two fingers' strength to bend that far). Since they are replacing plastic pins I am going to skip scientific analysis and give you a subjective "sounds good". Also your tone and tuning stability will be improved by making sure you have a proper string installation. If you can get your hand inside the guitar and feel the ball end of the string you should be able to feel how it it sitting against the body (correctly) or hanging on the pin (incorrectly). 
If you are reading this review, you are considering investing in the best you can buy for your rig. This device is the best you can buy. Solid and very much worth the money im very happy with this purchase no regrets at all. Just being able to do away with a power strip or two full of wall warts is amazing in itself. 
I attached it underneath my Pedal train and it works great. Pair this up with a Pedaltrain board, and you've got yourself a sweet setup. This is a great product that does what it says. other than that, it's a great device!. 
You can get your pedal to sound as if it has a dying battery in it. My only complaint is that it's not labeled in a way that you can identify what outlet is what when it's mounted in a pedal train. I'd LOVE two more ports. Indestructible casing. 
I attached it underneath my Pedal train and it works great. other than that, it's a great device!. This is a great product that does what it says. This power supply is great for me. 
I attached it underneath my Pedal train and it works great. Zero noise. If you are reading this review, you are considering investing in the best you can buy for your rig. My only complaint is that it's not labeled in a way that you can identify what outlet is what when it's mounted in a pedal train. 
If you are afraid to disturb your neighbors, when you are practicing violin - just buy it. Takes the edge off the violin sound. I keep it on my office violin so I don't disturb my neighbors which is silly because they are honduran spanish instructors and they sing shakira at ridiculous volume constantly. This mute allows me to practice without annoying my family and does not harm the violin. 
This one works better than the smaller rubber ones. Ideal for the beginner or those living in an apartment. It a rubber like stuff and will not damage the instrument. Works exactly as described. 
As you can imagine, I need to practice a LOT!  My wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing. I keep it on my office violin so I don't disturb my neighbors which is silly because they are honduran spanish instructors and they sing shakira at ridiculous volume constantly. The rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. especially when I practice monotonous scales. 
Excellent!  Mother's Little Helper!  Highly recommend this item. I used an SPL meter at a distance where a sustained open G string gave a reading of about +2db. I recalibrated the meter so the muted acoustic violin read about 1db, and the Yamaha read about -6db at that distance and setting. With accessories, tonal quality is typically important. 
Takes the edge off the violin sound. I keep it on my office violin so I don't disturb my neighbors which is silly because they are honduran spanish instructors and they sing shakira at ridiculous volume constantly. A Must. I can not evaluate the product until the instrument I purchased is repaired or returned. 
I really wanted this to work, but it doesn't. Excellent!  Mother's Little Helper!  Highly recommend this item. It a rubber like stuff and will not damage the instrument. I keep it on my office violin so I don't disturb my neighbors which is silly because they are honduran spanish instructors and they sing shakira at ridiculous volume constantly. 
perhaps on par with other brands but very much affordable. i will buy another one of this. It has held up with all the kids using it. Has a nice sound. 
this is the best mic for its quality and its price. I would not use this mic for professional singing, just spoken word. I haven't used this mic much, yet, but so far it has a great sound. It is not "too short" as one reviewer complained. 
Does not have an on/off switch which is a bit disappointing. range mics. I like this mic very much. I would not use this mic for professional singing, just spoken word. 
As an addendum, I would like to add that you should probably not try to replace the speakeras I have read from other reviewers. All in all very impressed and have decided to keep it. What really was impressive was the reverb, it went from a nice echo to full fledge drippy surf sound. Kind of does away with the need for a half stack, unless you are really gigging frequently at larger venues or outdoors. 
As an addendum, I would like to add that you should probably not try to replace the speakeras I have read from other reviewers. All in all very impressed and have decided to keep it. What really was impressive was the reverb, it went from a nice echo to full fledge drippy surf sound. Kind of does away with the need for a half stack, unless you are really gigging frequently at larger venues or outdoors. 
However, you could use it in larger venues also, since you generally mic up your amp anyway, and get most of your sound from monitors. I still use distortion pedals, and generally leave it on the clean channel so i can switch back and forth between clean and distortion with ease (not sure if there is a foot switch for the amp, since my pawn shop purchase didnt include one), but without a pedal, the high gain channel performs adequately. 00!!!!!!!!!!!!This is by far the best practice amp I have found in the past 10 years and I owna butt load of new amps. Plus, it is far lighter and easier to transport, lol. 
Would buy again should the need arise. These are heavy duty and well made. Works for my Behringer XM1800S Mics. Very solid build, never felt cheap in any way. 
So just make sure whatever it is you're buying can connect properly with the stand. Solid heavy base. Not much to review about a simple tabletop mic stand. I bought this and a mic/boom stand for my Samson SP01 Shockmount (which the Audio-Technica condenser mic is on), however its connecting slot is a 3/8in female while this stand has a 5/8in male (same with the mic/boom stand). 
I purchased a second one after using the first for one month. Perfect for its intended use. I purchased this desktop stand with the hopes that it would fully support the front weight of a condenser microphone and a shockmount together. I bought 5 of these for live recording of my band. 
The adjustable stand also works great and won't fall on you or anything. That's exactly what I wanted from a desk stand. When I found that my USB microphone cannot stand on the tripod that came with it, I was so glad that I bought this stand along with the mic based on all the positive reviews. I bought this and a mic/boom stand for my Samson SP01 Shockmount (which the Audio-Technica condenser mic is on), however its connecting slot is a 3/8in female while this stand has a 5/8in male (same with the mic/boom stand). 
Perfect for its intended use. Not much to review about a simple tabletop mic stand. Well built. Does the job of holding a mic. 
This works great for mic'ing guitar amps. This is a great stand. The stand has a low profile but also extends up tall enough to handle just about any size amp or combo amp. I purchased a second one after using the first for one month. 
I have used it with multiple mics such as the Audio Technica 2020 with the Samson SP01 shock-mount, a Rode K2, a Studio Projects C1 and a neumann TLM 103. I highly recommend this product. Idk what mics use that but is something to note. " THIS IS ABSOLUTELY FALSE. 
This works great for mic'ing guitar amps. Great Price! Very Happy and shipped from Amazon perfectly with great packing. Great value and the heavy base easily holds a professional mic or instrument mic. This little stand adjusts about six inches, so it's possible to get the mike right at mouth level without bending over. 
His guitar always sounds awesome, and I always ask his advice for musical products. I bought these hoping they would allow me to learn to bend guitar strings blues style. Decent strings but the little E string broke while I was stringing the guitar. Good cheap strings for guitar. 
They bend too easily, making rhythm playing impossible. i would reccomend these to everyone and the price is the best. but just starting to play and dont have need for new strings just yet. Honestly, I would get the Hybrid Slinkys over these. 
They feel and sound great when you play them. Still sound good after a few weeks and they are very nice and bendy. It's like I got a whole new guitar once I threw these on. Oh man do they sound nice. 
Ernie Ball 2223 Super Slinky Electric Strings -. His guitar always sounds awesome, and I always ask his advice for musical products. The Ernie Ball Super Slinky String Set (9 - 42) are a great set of string to replace my old string with on my guitar. 042 set is very good opportunity to replace the original strings on your new guitar. 
The cheapo Musician's friend strings don't have these issues - they are individually wrapped in plastic jackets and I don't have to use all of them at one go. Great sound. Opened up one recently and the. Nothing to rave about. 
Other than that, they appear OK. I bought these hoping they would allow me to learn to bend guitar strings blues style. buy a pack and try them out!  For less than $4, you can see if they work well for you!. I don't play that often but they have lasted for a lot longer than expected. 
if you want to use these strings for distortion you're an idiot these are something i could imagine david gilmore using. Very clean very bright strings i use these on my strat and it feels good and sounds amazing. heard they were nice strings. For the money, you cannot beat these strings. 
He found just what he needed and at a great price. It sounds good on my guitar and it's not that expensive. This was a much needed purchase because my son being a new musician is going through the guitar strings. Ernie Balls are nice strings, cheap, durable and produce a rich sound. 
00 for strings anymore, there the exact same as you would get from the store, delivered through USPS, dont have to go anywhere, how cool is that, 5 out of 5 Stars, but of course, its ERNIE BALL. Good stuff, will certainly come back for more when the time comes. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. Ernie Ball is the standard for guitar strings. 
It looked really good on my acoustic and electric guitar. I like that they are a little thicker then the ones that came on my guitar. It was a great item. The tone is much bettter too. 
Get the packs of single 9's and 10's too so that when one breaks you dont have to steal from another whole set. Good Strings, I buy this Strings from a few years and i love them, I like them with my Gibson LP, but also with my other guitar with the Floyd!, They are durable, and a really good sound for my Funky Rock Type of music i like!. I have switched back on a few of then guitars for variety: 10's for rhythm and finger style, 9's for lead. After using these I am very happy with the quality and tone I get from each set. 
Keep a pack or two in your guitar case or gig bag!. I started out wilth Balls when I first picked up the guitar in 1968 when I was 17. They were worth my part time minimum wage money and gave me what I wanted. They sound great, and I have yet to have use set of strings by Ernie that were faulty or disappointing in any way. 
It looked really good on my acoustic and electric guitar. I started out wilth Balls when I first picked up the guitar in 1968 when I was 17. Keep a pack or two in your guitar case or gig bag!. Overall I would say that they feel about the same as my D'Addario strings, but if the price is right I wouldn't mind a substitution every now and again. 
They are crisp and vibrant when new and this lasts for quite a while. they are consistent, sound good, have a good life, and are very well priced through Amazon. Very good strings. Made in USA a very good price. 
Exactly as described and very affortable. Admittedly, this stand is a great deal heavier, so if weight is an issue you may not like this type. In addition to being indestructible, this stand takes up far less stage (or studio) real estate than a tripod type stand like theOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. This stand is practically indestructible and is ideal for gigging. 
Even with a boom fully extended I have found this stand to be stable. I purchased the On Stage brand microphone stand to use with a theremin, although I may use it at some point for the purpose for which it was designed. Highly recommended. This stand is practically indestructible and is ideal for gigging. 
Even with a boom fully extended I have found this stand to be stable. )If you transport your gear often, and especially if you play outside (or inside on cramped stages) this stand is the best choice in my opinion. Not much I can say about a standard mic stand. Daughter uses this stand and was well worth the money. 
For more crisp sound, you should look elsewhere. The Filter is the core of it's tone and the Distortion control is very linear in how it increases the distortion. There a hundreds of distortion pedals on the market today. It's perfect for a great sound, from heavy rhythm guitar chugging to fat, bruising solos. 
Case in point, my buddy has an old Peavy stack from the 70's in his garage. Like a perfect marshall but with more organic-ness. I'm an old school player - meaning I want my sound to come from the guitar and amp instead of processors. Look on a few guitar forums or on youtube for plenty of tests and testimony showing the fact that the new ones do indeed sound the same as the old ones. 
Adds thick creamy distortion, enhances harmonics, and maintains great attack and definition. This is what all distortion pedals are judged by. Fat, thick, smooth and saturated. I had always heard a lot about the RAT and I wanted to try it out. 
I love this stuff for all my fretboards, except for unusually dirty ones. Applies easily and what is not absorbed between frets, wipes right up. Leaves the wood nourished and new looking without any greasy feel. Makes the fretboard feel like new; but best to clean with alcohol wipes first. 
Makes the fretboard feel like new; but best to clean with alcohol wipes first. You may need an additional cloth in the beginning to wipe off the excess liquid because the bottle is full when you first get it (of course). The label says NOT to use this product on maple fingerboards. Other than that, it is what it is and does what it says. 
A few dabs goes a long way so this 4 ounce bottle should last you a long time. ) This oil breaks down the &#34;crud&#34; and restores the look of the fretboard to new condition. This stuff is great for my fretboard and I use it every time I change the strings. This will make your fretboard smile!  It takes a dry, faded, fretboard and makes it look like new. 
I also purchased an extra one as a gift for my friend. I bought one and this is my second one for my another guitar. I bought one of these for a friend of mine, and he said it was the best thing he'd ever used to keep his picks out where he can readily get to them. It a simple holder that it's really good to make sure that you will not be out of picks when you need then!. 
casual, part time guitar player here. No matter. Nice little item for $2. It's okay but it could be better. 
It a simple holder that it's really good to make sure that you will not be out of picks when you need then!. I use Tortex Guitar Pick of that thickness. I can't imagine life without this pick holder -- before I was always losing picks and then I had to strum with my fingers which I don't like doing. This is a nice pick holder, especially for the price. 
I thought that was weird but didn't think to much about it until I started moving some PICS AROUND. Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder, this is very handled, always forget were my pick got off too, now I know my Picks is in the holder. I ordered a set and it worked so well that I BOUGHT a couple more. I've never had these before until recently. 
for the price it is worth. I 'm obviously not a &#34;Techie&#34;. attractive, so portable and does the job of one twice, or more,  of it's size. a good thing. 
I went all out and got a Roland Cube which should deliver a higher quality sound and has many sound effects. all workand the distortion control. But the quality of the sound is not much more than a transistor radio. for the price it is worth. 
all workand the distortion control. I 'm obviously not a &#34;Techie&#34;. Truly an amazing little gadget. This product is the neatest, sweetest little delight for the eyes. 
Amazine that it works off a 9v battery. even got a headphone connect on it forlate nite playing. There's a slight hiss too. And when you attach the headphones it works great. 
These hold up well, taking a good bend and beating. I rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. they also sound good with any settings I use. If you have a teenager who isn't light with the pick, or if you have something you tend to get very aggressive with, these are perfect. 
You won't regret it. I have tried a few types of strings on my p90 Epiphone Les Paul, and I find these Ernie Ball Power slinky 11's to have a lot of power and punch to them, as advertised, and give me the nice tone I was looking for. Right now I switch back and forth between Power and Beefy, with Fenders being my next choice followed by D'Addario. I bought these nickel wound guitar strings for my son. 
tuned them once, no breaking in. I rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. If you have a teenager who isn't light with the pick, or if you have something you tend to get very aggressive with, these are perfect. Why?  The are strong, durable, and sound good. 
i bought two sets. it sounds amazing on clean; on its own without any effects, and the natural sustain is great. They were a little too much for the Squier Bullet I put them on, even with the truss rod maxed out they bowed the neck. :) A little silver lead free solder to hold several windings together and then buffed and they look excellent. 
He says thses strings are strong and durable and projects a good sound quality. they also sound good with any settings I use. More metal moving over a guitar pickup = hotter sound, more gain, and on a Stratocaster more glass and bell like tones. Lots of harmonics make for a textured and musical sound. 
You won't regret it. Right now I switch back and forth between Power and Beefy, with Fenders being my next choice followed by D'Addario. Very smooth and lasted me a while. Got no complaints over these. 
it sounds amazing on clean; on its own without any effects, and the natural sustain is great. I bought these nickel wound guitar strings for my son. He says thses strings are strong and durable and projects a good sound quality. I rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. 
I got a pair of these strings in early august, i still have them, but being as doubtful as i am, i just bought an extra pair from this seller ( who shipped amazingly fast, it got here in about 3 days!)any ways, the strings stay bright for a long time, don't/have not lost there color yet/rusted (after a little more than four months)and they are everything a guitar player looks for in strings. For the price they are awesome strings. At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. 50 at my music store but I needed strings ASAP, I will order back ups at this price. 
You cant beat the price on amazon I paid 9. At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. I almost always use Ernie Ball strings on my electric guitars. 50 at my music store but I needed strings ASAP, I will order back ups at this price. 
They last longer than some of the others and easy to re-string the guitarother brands do not seem to stand up to Ernie Balls. I've been using them for 30 years and never have been let down by the quality and sound. To all heavy music guitarist, I highly recommend this one! Try a set of this and you will feel like a rock star!. I like the sound(I like a little heavier sound), and I'm hoping the high E will hold up a little longer than the lower gauge &#34;its always the first to go&#34;. 
They last longer than some of the others and easy to re-string the guitarother brands do not seem to stand up to Ernie Balls. These strings also are good for Les Pauls, where the scale length is shorter than the Fender guitars, making bending like velvet. To all heavy music guitarist, I highly recommend this one! Try a set of this and you will feel like a rock star!. I almost always use Ernie Ball strings on my electric guitars. 
I like the sound(I like a little heavier sound), and I'm hoping the high E will hold up a little longer than the lower gauge &#34;its always the first to go&#34;. Great strings. I got a pair of these strings in early august, i still have them, but being as doubtful as i am, i just bought an extra pair from this seller ( who shipped amazingly fast, it got here in about 3 days!)any ways, the strings stay bright for a long time, don't/have not lost there color yet/rusted (after a little more than four months)and they are everything a guitar player looks for in strings. To all heavy music guitarist, I highly recommend this one! Try a set of this and you will feel like a rock star!. 
I have tried out GHS, First act, Dunlop, and D'addario's and these are the only ones that have last for so long with out showing any signs of significant wear. I love these strings, they never stop amazing me!. At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. I almost always use Ernie Ball strings on my electric guitars. 
I've been using them for 30 years and never have been let down by the quality and sound. These strings also are good for Les Pauls, where the scale length is shorter than the Fender guitars, making bending like velvet. I love these strings, they never stop amazing me!. At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. 
I prefer Shar's Overture premieres which are the same price. Excellent price and product is as described and price was right. They are durable and have a nice tone. These ones are a little too &#34;bright&#34; in sound and not deep or resonant enough. 
I use D'Addario strings on all my guitars, mandos and my ancient old fiddle. My daughter has been using these strings for many years now and they work great. These are a good value for quality strings. I would recommend the D'Addario Prelude violin string set to anyone who want to use wire-wound strings. 
These ones are a little too &#34;bright&#34; in sound and not deep or resonant enough. Excellent price and product is as described and price was right. These are a good value for quality strings. Strings stayed in tune after about two hours of settling in. 
I've noticed it works better with some DAWs than others, also. It works great with Reaper. Chrome is great quality and it has good weight so it's not tinny. This pedal has a solid feel under my foot and gives me the 'push-back' I expect when playing live gigs. 
Not complaints, just works and is reasonably priced. Built solid, feels like it could withstand a good beating, which is good since my teen is using it. well made, works like a charm and felt like it was made with quality material and not made of cheap parts and plastic. I bought this for my M-Audio keyboard but it also works equally well with my Casio Lighted Keyboard. 
This pedal is very nice. If you are having problems with it, it could be you DAW software. Highly Recommended. It works very well. 
I was looking for a sustainer pedal for my m-audio keyboard to use with garageband and found this so I bought it and it works great does exactly what it says it does and Actually looks cool. Chrome is great quality and it has good weight so it's not tinny. Works great. It works very well. 
* so is that like 20 hail mary's for that confession????. -Polarity switch - I was using a Yamaha FC4 with an older keyboard, but the FC4 does not work properly with the Casio keyboards. hahahthese pedals are frikn TANKS heavy duty all the way and have a polarity switch [and yeh there's alota keyboards out thereu gota have that perc. Thankfully, the SP-2 has a switch on the bottom that can switch and accomodate any keyboard. 
99 so I got it, but it was in the wrong spot, I went, got the price tag, and after minimal drama, they gave it to me for the price they had it INCORRECTLY listed. An all-around solid purchase for the low price I found on Amazon. I would buy this again if I needed to replace it. this thing is great and if anyone needs a pedal for their synth (I have a casio wtk-4200 I believe), it is as good as you need. 
at least the previous 2 i bought did. hahah [they have a really cheap plastic switch thats destined to die no matter what. hahahthese pedals are frikn TANKS heavy duty all the way and have a polarity switch [and yeh there's alota keyboards out thereu gota have that perc. It's worth it. 
It seems to hold a tune well and my son enjoys playing it. I have a washburn D-30 and love this just as much for 1/3 the cost. As expected, it doesn't have the sound quality of a full-size instrument, but it sounds good for what it is. Sounds good and has great intonation. 
When my Little Red Traveler showed up at my door I was excited, but my expectation bar wasn't set too high. Plays great to the top fret. I unpacked the Traveler and gave it the once over,, WOW, nicely made. Heck, it even sounds better than my big guitars, in an odd way, for certain songs. 
Oh and the case is a $40+ freebee ;))) Buy one, be happy. If you have no sense of smell, get one. Update: After putting on the brass pins and adding a snark tuner, along with putting on new strings, this guitar rocks. Putting the brass pins keeps it from being too top heavy and helps to improve tone. 
Update: After putting on the brass pins and adding a snark tuner, along with putting on new strings, this guitar rocks. Putting the brass pins keeps it from being too top heavy and helps to improve tone. If you like a parlor guitar, this might be for you. Best buy I have made on a product I couldn't try out first. 
If you're debating between the Blue Yeti, Snowball, Samson C01U, and this mic, there are plenty of reviews on youtube and google. I found a quick comfortable balance and the result is warm and clean. but it sounds great when your recording songs! Haha! I record with fl studio and it's even great so far! I recommend you get this!!. Recommend for small budget studios. 
I've even been able to record nice quick tracks for copyright recordings of both my voice and guitar. Very happy with it. I found a quick comfortable balance and the result is warm and clean. I'll probably get another one. 
I keep saying "this type of mic" and the reason why is because A-T sells 14 models like this style up to $3000. This is a XLR connection phantom powered mic, which is pro and best. So yes, I also don't recommend buying a scalpel and trying surgery on your little brother, unless. Although to be fair I have a lot of experience in pro audio and production, so I maybe a bit overly critical. 
I'm very happy with this unit (price considered but I'd have to pay a LOT more to improved on it). Microphone is quite good for such price. No issues and pretty sure I will never have any. This was exactly what I needed for the price range I could afford in a crunch. 
it does a great job for the smallest of foggers available and low budget price. works great with moonflowers and lasers I have gotten. I don't know if the other brands of fog juice smells weird also but I have another can of juice I bought to use later. UPDATE. 
works great with moonflowers and lasers I have gotten. the fogger enhances them greatly and is so worth the benefit it provides in regards to my lights. Great device and good price. I really wanted to use it Halloween on treaters but it rained hard and didn't want it out on the porch. 
The little locking strap that goes across the neck cradle is a big plus too. I would not recommend them for heavy, on the road, stage work, but then again, most of us are not on the road nor the tour. Holds my guitars just fine. I've picked up a few of these for my various guitars. 
The way the bottom holder attaches to the base is the problem! It doesn't attach! It just slides in and then you kinda just hope it doesn't bend or break. The rubberized neck holder protects the wood and the strap keeps the guitar in place. It holds my bass just fine and the swiveling bottom is not an issue for me. Still a great product it's just a little flimsy. 
I've taken them to the studio with me and of course used around the house. I recommend it as a well functioning stand, at a very economical price. I've had no problem with this guitar stand. I have several stands, and this is the second one of these I bought. 
And all of those people who have problems with the arms that move when you touch them, that is part of the design. You get what you pay for. You might want to consider something a bit more sturdy for those. This is not a good choice for your prized 1968 Jimi Hendrix Strat or 1964 Eric Clapton Gibson ES335. 
And all of those people who have problems with the arms that move when you touch them, that is part of the design. You get what you pay for. You might want to consider something a bit more sturdy for those. This is not a good choice for your prized 1968 Jimi Hendrix Strat or 1964 Eric Clapton Gibson ES335. 
Now I just have to figure out how to keep up with it!!!. It's pretty accurate on that neck up to the 4th fret. The release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use. Bottom line: If you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. 
I also ordered an aluminum version of the Planet Waves in hopes it won't break like their thermoplastic ones do. I think it meets all the criteria except for having to squeeze it tight periodically. Next I'll try the Dunlop Victor capos, they are screw tops similar in style to the Planet Waves (Dunlop also makes the Planet Waves capos), but they are made with more durable bronze, so they should last longer, and I hope those will be the best for me. They snap and go airborn, which is dangerous). 
They work. Made in China, designed in Europe, slippery, a bit heavy, but still very, very nice. It is worth the money in my opinion. Like a Seagull vs a Taylor 8 series, they both work, but one has more beauty in its being. 
It is easy to use, applies the right amount of tension and looks very cool. Although you always need to check the tuning after putting any capo on a guitar, this one seems not to upset the tuning too much. I have owned my G7th Capo over a year now & as far as I'm concerned it beats all the others I've owned in the past hands down!! So easy to use & can clamp right on my guitar nut for ease of moving when needed. It is easy to use. 
I do however question whether the word "Pro" should apply to this system. It kind of has the effect of adding a tweeter to a speaker in that it gives our voices the clairity to be understood. YIKES!!! Perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which I previously described above. Is it high fidelity? Quite simply, no. 
We needed an extra wireless mic for our workshop presenters and this was a very inexpensive choice. Note it's VHF, not UHF so it is more prone to interference. We also had to tape the little wire antenna up so it wasn't hanging in front of the speaker (this might not be an issue for you, depending on where you plug yours in). I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver. 
nothing works. I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver. But in our case it works beautifully. It kind of has the effect of adding a tweeter to a speaker in that it gives our voices the clairity to be understood. 
I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver. nothing works. There are a lot of very expensive wireless mic units that I'm sure would provide better sound and range, but this one works just fine for our uses. I just hope it works in the field as well. 
certainly NOT professional quality or any quality that I would give it. Even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. But in our case it works beautifully. The audio is always clipped. 
We bought the Pyle-Pro Lavalier Wireless Microphone System for use with thePyle Pwma230. For general use in doors, it's decent and for sure worth the price. Home tests show it works fairly well in that environment although I think I hear a little distortion if I turn the gain up too much (I don't think you can change the gain on the AT system). Bought this as a back-up to my AT system and have only tried it in my living room. 
There are a lot of very expensive wireless mic units that I'm sure would provide better sound and range, but this one works just fine for our uses. I'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver. We needed an extra wireless mic for our workshop presenters and this was a very inexpensive choice. 
Good for vocals (singing), or instruments like a guitar or piano. i love it! im using this mic to record my vocals for my home made demos, it works just awesome. I was recording my music on a USB condenser mic for about 2 years. But when the conditions are quiet like in a studio, this mic ROCKS. 
Good for vocals (singing), or instruments like a guitar or piano. Top of the line and it works great, thank you Marshall Electronics and Amazon. Works really nicely at limiting background noise. Comes with a decent hard case and SWEET shock mount. 
But when the conditions are quiet like in a studio, this mic ROCKS. I LOVE this mic as an indoor studio mic. Good for vocals (singing), or instruments like a guitar or piano. So I ended up forking out 2x as much and going with the latter. 
, but didn't have the cash for another AT4033 or similar. This mic has amazing quality. I was recording my music on a USB condenser mic for about 2 years. Wow! I can't hear any discernible difference when simultaneously recording the AT4033 on the left channel and the MXL770 on the right channel. 
He uses it to hold his wireless receiver for his guitar amp, along with other miscellaneous things he keeps in the cabinet. Good luck and good music to all. I used this on my wall-mount 4U rack to hold my modem and router near my switch. It is a short shelf, so it only goes about half-way to the back of the rack cabinet. 
This is the industry standard and you wont be disqppointed. To those who say it doesnt stay in tune should have their guitar's bridge checked as flaws in the bridge can cause problems in tuning. Haven't played them yet, but all the reviews were good, so here goes. Stays in tune well and does a better job than the stock Ping tuners. 
I read online suggestions about using a round wood file, and reamer, etc. The ones that came with my guitar were really close to these in appearance. Then I used a tapered reamer, from both sides, to enlarge the holes to the required diameter. I have no problems spending the 50 on these to improve the guitar. 
I'll order another set for my other Chibson. I just installed these on my Chibson LP from overseas. This fixed the Chibson tuning issue. Put a set of these on my Rogue Grand Concert, now the guitar stays in tune beautifully! Worth every penny!. 
These tuning machines are great. I have no problems spending the 50 on these to improve the guitar. This fixed the Chibson tuning issue. I believe these are nicer than the Epi's. 
Also, I have two Epiphones. They fit on my Washburn and my Applause perfectly with zero need to ream or drill. In fact, I am pretty impressed. I took a slightly larger drill bit and turned it backwards, not forwards, by hand slowly, until it was perfect. 
I read online suggestions about using a round wood file, and reamer, etc. You don't want to take the tension off the neck and mess around with the truss rod. This is a standard 3/8"-24 threading tap. I chucked the tap into my battery-powered hand drill, set to low speed, and used the threading tap to cleanly and carefully enlarge the headstock holes to 0. 
I bought this a while back when I bought my Samson 49 key midi keyboard. It may not work with a keyboard smaller than 49 keys. This keyboard is pretty dope. Adjustable height and for the dept of the keyboard. 
But it was probably more of my error, and even with that it just meant I had to unscrew them and screw in the right ones. This works exactly as intended, and is a perfect size for my MS2000. No worries of my synth falling over or anything like that, the only issue I had was with putting it together at first. Not sure how it works for some behemoths but for the basic setup its fine. 
I recommend this to anyone buying a keyboard in the future or currently. Not really sure what the going price is on other stands, but I'm very happy with what I paid for it. The picture in the instructions was kind of hard to figure out, because there are different sized bars that were kind of difficult to interpret. This keyboard is pretty dope. 
I bought this one for my black fender and I think I'm going to buy a white tribal for my white Ibanez Grg120bdx. I bought this with super saver shipping 5-8 days and it came in 3 so I was very happy about that. Great product cant go wrong especially with the double sided design and the price. It has a nice soft feel and doesn't scratch the neck like the belt straps do and the color goes well with a varity of instrument looks and colors. 
Great product cant go wrong especially with the double sided design and the price. I bought this one for my black fender and I think I'm going to buy a white tribal for my white Ibanez Grg120bdx. I bought this with super saver shipping 5-8 days and it came in 3 so I was very happy about that. Definitely glad I bought this!. 
I bought this with super saver shipping 5-8 days and it came in 3 so I was very happy about that. It has a nice soft feel and doesn't scratch the neck like the belt straps do and the color goes well with a varity of instrument looks and colors. Definitely glad I bought this!. The strap feels sturdy, and the material is just slippery enough to make moving about easy. 
The strap feels sturdy, and the material is just slippery enough to make moving about easy. One more thing is that the strap locks on very well by it self (I have a big problem with that because the strap that came with my guitar sucked) But hell this one is amazing. Quality strap that fits tight & secure on my signature Dime and matches the Dean From Hell lightening graphics perfectly. This strap looks better in person than on the computer. 
Never had one unscrew again. Schaller is sort of a household name among guitarists, because they've been making the same product for so long now. I also have used dunlops, which are nice as well, but these seem to be the better product IMHO. All my electric guitars are equipped with these. 
I will stick with the Schaller in all 3 colors. My Larrivee RS-4 came with these and converted me to Schaller. I've used these straplocks for many years on all my electric instruments; they're fairly inexpensive, and I've never had a problem with them, never broke one nor had to replace them because of wear/abuse, and I've NEVER had a guitar/bass hit the floor. I have both the nickel and black on heavy basses and they have never let me down. 
It' works great. When you extend it out all the way, it sometimes topples over due to little weight on the bottom, but other than that, this stand is perfect. Works great and doesn't cost an arm and a leg. 'Nuff said. 
It is well built. Allows you to get close to the mic and still play an instrument, like say a guitar. Can be used either sitting or standing. I'm using it with a Blue enCORE 100 microphone, which isn't really heavy, but still weighs close to a pound. 
The adjustable parts are easy to use. I even use it when im drumming. This is perfect with the boom i can sing and play without the stand getting in the way. Well this one is actually better than most of the ones my wifes band has. 
I bought this and have it shipped second day because I need to use it and now I can't because it doesn't come with a Mic Clip which I have to spend another 5-10 to get it plus shipping. The adjustable parts are easy to use. The stand is study, easily adjustable, and withstands the rigours of use. I really like this stand, I even bought a second one after giving it a try. 
It' works great. When you extend it out all the way, it sometimes topples over due to little weight on the bottom, but other than that, this stand is perfect. The stand is study, easily adjustable, and withstands the rigours of use. Very good stand especially for the price. 
Granted they are not the Hercules stands that I use, but they work for my two other singers. I bought two of these for my band, and they are fantastic. Is solid, you maybe need to tight too strong to avoind the weight of the mic to bring the arm down, buy, I can do that. Solid, stays where I put it, and does a great job holding a heavy mic, mount and pop filter. 
Versatile and great to work with. Granted they are not the Hercules stands that I use, but they work for my two other singers. this stand i very good just wish it was a bit heavier for helping it be more stable when using a heavy mic. Got this stand to mount a Studio Projects C1 condenser mic. 
Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but thats my view!!!. This pedal sucks your guitar's tone, and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going, and its not a pleasant sound either way. The D-1 Distortion effects pedal works great and gives me that  mind blowing distortion you would only expect from a more expensive unit. The only reason I'm not giving this one star is that I didn't expect much for such a low cost pedal. 
The clipping is sweet and musical, with a sound very reminiscent to cranked amplifier stacks with their front ends being pushed with overdrive pedals. FOR THE PRICE, these pedals are outstanding. I find the placement of the knobs just slightly annoying, but it's a nitpick at this price point. It didn't have a power supply or battery included, for a low price what do you expect?  Besides batteries aren't that expensive. 
We have a punk ska band (think suicide machines, sublime) and need to switch a lot in all our songs. This pedal sounds great with my fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker and also very good with my 1960's danelectro tweed amp with it's bright weber ceramic 8 inch speaker. As long as you dont literally stomp down on the pedal and you dont drop it down the stairs, it will last long enough to make it worth your while. I thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile. 
You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product. Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but thats my view!!!. I've written here before that it would be nice to find a multi-pedal arrangement for space saving. I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great. 
True Bypass requires a 9v wall plug, and adjustments are good. I'm very happy with  this purchase. it has no depth to it. This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well. 
It is comfortable. It is adjustable. It just looks great. I have not used the pick holder yet. 
they are cheap to buy and they are nice straps for an acoustic. my guitar strap was old, I replaced it with this one as I didnt want to head into town,, is black and no frills. Overall, i think these are abit much for seven dollars, but im happy with the purchase. I also like the leather ends, because they dont shift and move around quite as much as my old plastic-ey one did. 
Overall, i think these are abit much for seven dollars, but im happy with the purchase. I bought this but wound up ordering theErnie Ball 4037 Black Polypro Strapinstead. Nice value. I'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if I needed it. 
Great idea, well made, nice heavy webbingFit probly 6 or more picks. So you need to try it out before you say if that works for you. It's too stiff, not comfortable at all. No need to glue/screw junk on your axe, maybe good with slide, or capo, haven't tried. 
Also the holes are a little hard to hook, in the beginning. I needed a new bass strap because my old one was frying at the ends. Good colour selection too. These are really well made straps for the money! The only problem I had was that I wished I had ordered more of them!!!!. 
Very happy with this low cost strap. Although the fit on the typical guitar strap nuts is snug, some type of strap retainer would still be recommended. This strap is very well made. Black works with most colors, and this strap should last for a long time, but it is so inexpensive, if you qualify for free shipping, you might want to consider ordering a spare. 
works great. No problem, very standard one. you DO use them, right? ;)). it simply works well for the price paid. 
I purchase this Hercules GSP38WB A/G guitar hanger for my Yamaha 700. Easy to install, and hanging and releasing is a no-brainer. Have three of these Hercules hangers. Easy to remove the guitar and easy to put the guitar back in and always feels secure. 
My friend plays Gretch semi-hollow body and Fender solid-body (and other) electric guitars with his Hercules 2-guitar stand, so I assume they would also work with the wall hangers. I was first exposed to the Hercules locking mechanism when our Praise Band leader brought in his Hercules two-guitar stand and I tried it with both my full-size 12-string guitar and my 5-string banjo. (I've submitted a photo showing them holding up a classical & 12-string guitars, and 5-string banjo). What I'm happiest about is that these hangers can be used with a variety of stringed instruments. 
I use it all the time and I feel that my violin is very safe in it at gigs. Well, that's his policy. I had purchased a Peak violin stand but wasn't thrilled with the height of the violin bow holder -- the tip of the bow dangled just a bit too close to the floor for my comfort. This, being designed to hold either a violin or a viola, allows more height and I feel that the bow is safer. 
China. I've two of these stands. Well, that's his policy. If you carefully separate the pie slice shaped black foam from the base of the stand, you'll see that the base of the tubing is welded there. 
wait for it. That may explain why it failed, but Glen Ingles could have offered to replace it. It even has a bow holder and it is easy to pack and transport. This is a great stand for your violin or viola. 
I use it all the time and I feel that my violin is very safe in it at gigs. I had purchased a Peak violin stand but wasn't thrilled with the height of the violin bow holder -- the tip of the bow dangled just a bit too close to the floor for my comfort. This, being designed to hold either a violin or a viola, allows more height and I feel that the bow is safer. It is very robust, versatile, good looking and not very expensive. 
This, being designed to hold either a violin or a viola, allows more height and I feel that the bow is safer. This is a great stand for your violin or viola. It even has a bow holder and it is easy to pack and transport. Additionally, this stand allows my violin to be placed on it with the shoulder rest in place while the Peak stand was less secure unless I removed the shoulder rest. 
I use this for an instrument mic when sitting on stage. He does use it in the one place that he has problems but only here for some reason. On Stage has a well built unit here. I bought one for myself as well and I do like it. 
I have rarely been so satisfied with the way an issue was resolved and at the same extremely satisfied with the product as well. He does use it in the one place that he has problems but only here for some reason. This one is definitely a hit!. They are extremely well manufactured, they look great and are sturdy as heck. 
When this product appeared to be defective I contacted the seller. I do need a boom to keep the mic. I thought that more than 25% of the item's cost was a bit much. This Posi-Lok Mini-Boom is a nice clean look and is very functional. 
It's a short boom, but it works great. I have ordered several! Highly recommended. While they agreed to an exchange they did say that I was liable for up to 5. However, not only does this thing lock in tight and not slowly tip down like other boom stands I've used in the past, but it hasn't tipped over yet after quite a bit of use. 
I have ordered several! Highly recommended. This Posi-Lok Mini-Boom is a nice clean look and is very functional. stand away from my guitar when I'm playing and singing. I thought that more than 25% of the item's cost was a bit much. 
This Posi-Lok Mini-Boom is a nice clean look and is very functional. However, not only does this thing lock in tight and not slowly tip down like other boom stands I've used in the past, but it hasn't tipped over yet after quite a bit of use. Best price I have found is at Amazon. I like how I can collapse and tilt back the boom so it is out of the way when not in use, but then I can  easily position for use with a generous 16 inch reach. 
I tried these on my 2008 Talyor GA4e and the sound was just a bit to bright. Clean and clear sound. Great for strumming and using a pick but a little soft for finger picking. The heavier bass strings didn't really add the bassy sound I was hoping for just more of a thud. 
Hohner's Big River Harp does NOT fit properly in the case - it is longer than the others, and doesn't snug in. Or, I can just deal with the fact that they don't fit quite properly, but probably "good enough". Too hard to push notes through them. When I saw the deal on Amazon, I thought it would be low quality harmonicas, but they are good quality. 
Im a beginner. Good harps. Too hard to push notes through them. All the notes play but a few of the higher ones needed a little encouragement with overblowing and lightly breaking them in a little, but the harps all sound great after 5 mins of break in. 
Im a beginner. Don't waste your money on them. Save your money and get some harps that actually work. I cant bend at all so no idea if its just me. 
It gets way to distorted at high volume, but come on. it would be worth the increase in price to have it come altogether. I bought this amp as a back up for my 9 year old son and to take to the park. There is even and overdrive which makes this totally cool as some of my customers want to schredd a little. 
This micro amp is a real blast in more ways than one. This is the only thing that annoys me, but I think it depends on where people live. But if playing on the street corner is your thing. This is pretty typical for anyone amping a harp, so the Honey Tone is not at fault. 
Sounds great with an electric acoustic. I wanted a portable small sized amp for using my electric guitar outdoors -- but was not really in a position to pay the big dollars for one of the high end brands. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends. 
I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends. Keep in mind, you can patch another 9 volt powered device through this one to enhance it -- I will at some point run my Boss Digital Delay box through it to check that out. I wanted a portable small sized amp for using my electric guitar outdoors -- but was not really in a position to pay the big dollars for one of the high end brands. Brough this for trying "electric" feels on the acoustic guitar, and don't want to waste too much money on electric acoustic (preamp) guitar or big amp if I don't like the "eFeels". 
It looks very nice and the vintage front design gives it a lot of character. Nice product, Danelectro. The belt clip on the back and triple adjustment dials are nice, and I got it in red as a change of pace, because I always get &#34;black&#34; with my equipment. It has a belt clip on the back but you'll have to supply your own earphones and 9v adapter if you want them. 
I wanted a portable small sized amp for using my electric guitar outdoors -- but was not really in a position to pay the big dollars for one of the high end brands. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends. Keep in mind, you can patch another 9 volt powered device through this one to enhance it -- I will at some point run my Boss Digital Delay box through it to check that out. 
Theres a headphon jack, a 9v power supply and that's in for plug ins, No line in so you can't plug you ipod or whatever to it and play along but oh well. good thing I had purchased the 9volt power adapter. the mini amp did not arrive with the battery as it was stated in literature. The included battery is worthless and dies in about 5 minutes. 
they were just fine. Priceless. Turning the O. i play rythm, leads and sing in my gig. 
We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in. The amp produces a much "bigger" sound with much better quality than expected. i was shocked. The Danelectro mini amp was an impulse buy for me, but this thing is fantastic! clean tones to woodstock fuzz, this thing belts 'em out. 
on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. 00 isnt much money. i play rythm, leads and sing in my gig. the sound is rich, full and IMHO sounds just as good as my roland cube street ($299. 
on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. I use this amp for playing in my small apartment and it works great. they were just fine. but in my gig i have been using a boss me-25 with all my presets for my set plus a boss rc-2 looper and lastly, my phone with all my backing tracks. 
Great color and retro style as well. I suggest buying a power brick so you can plug it in for daily home use because the batteries only last for about five hours of playing time. This is a great little amp for camping, a quick lesson, or going to a friends house for a little jamming etc. It sounds surprisingly good for twenty bucks. 
on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. I said good, not loud. It sounds surprisingly good for twenty bucks. i'd read some good reviews and $20. 
(see the danelectro power supply for this thing, really cool!). I don't know as I'd pay the $40-$50 for this guitar shops often ask, but the Amazon price is perfect. get a power adapter. only complaint- battery doesn't last too long. 
It has an active tone you can switch on for tuning, but that is only adjustable over the narrow range of 410-480hz. It has a non-backlit LCD display of an analog VU style meter, with extra marks at plus and minus 20 cents, and red LEDs that light when a tone is sharp or flat. The one thing it is lacking that disappointed me is a frequency or octave readout. It uses a pair of AAA size batteries that you pop the whole case open to change. 
Other than that, it seems to work well. Other than that I think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner. This is a nice little tuner. (What? Learn a skill! Isn't that asking a bit much?)I suppose for an inexpensive tuner, that is the trade-off, but it does detract from the usefulness of this tuner for my purposes. 
They are well known among bass instrument players for being able to lock in on the lowest pitches better than most other tuners. Unlike most other tuners, in noisy environments they don't lock in on higher pitches before lower ones, again a plus for low instrument players. it took quite a long time to get it right. I've had two of these tuners. 
This assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The padding is great, it is lightweight without feeling cheep. I'm a heavier fellow (5'11, 220) and some of the harder benches I've tried were a tad uncomfortable for long sessions. This one, on the other hand, is very comfortable and has plenty of padding and support. 
The padding is great, it is lightweight without feeling cheep. 5 stars, no complaints, and much nicer than a lot of the more expensive options. I'm a heavier fellow (5'11, 220) and some of the harder benches I've tried were a tad uncomfortable for long sessions. The bench is very sturdy and comfortable - the cushioning is thick and soft. 
I have the KT7800, which is much larger seat area, and easier to adjust. It has a comfortable seat and seems stable and well-made. For me, I can click this in so it is a nearly perfect height. So, not much selection there. 
Received item when promised, fits great for my Yamaha Acoustic Electric, but carry with care, remember Acoustics are hollow body and can bust if dropped, great zipped pockets. Has great pockets to carry your picks, strings, and tuners. It does have a red strip on this if your concerned about color. This case is generally good quality and meets our needs, with the following observations:Pros -+ Lightweight; doesn't add a lot of pounds but still protects the guitar+ Good Quality; strong material, stitching, and zippers+ Storage Pockets; big enough for music pages, picks, and a small electronic tuner+ Handles; good hand grip handle on the side and has well padded adjustable packpack strapsCons -- Limited Protection; this is not a hard case and it will not provide much protection from a serious impact- Appearance; this is not awe-inspiring to look at, being very basic and the "World Tour" logo looks a little "cheesy"This was a good choice for the limited, light use it gets from us. 
Price was a big issue. I bought a Hollowbody without a case and wanted a gig bag in case I decided to take it anywhere. A great universal bag. This case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. 
Price was a big issue. I bought a Hollowbody without a case and wanted a gig bag in case I decided to take it anywhere. A great universal bag. This case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. 
Sturdy, with adequate padding to protect my &#34;babies&#34;. This case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. The 20mm is perfect to protect instrument during travel. Received item when promised, fits great for my Yamaha Acoustic Electric, but carry with care, remember Acoustics are hollow body and can bust if dropped, great zipped pockets. 
I can put everything in this bag from my 12 string to my hollow body. The shoulder straps make carrying the bag across town a breeze. I don't know who would need better unless you traveled a lot where you might need the hard case. Months into using the Gig Bag and not a single problem. 
I have other guitars and they all have cases and I might never actually take this guitar anywhere so I didn' twant to spend a lot. The guitar fits great. The 20mm is perfect to protect instrument during travel. The red piping in the picture is more maroon in real life. 
The prices of the other bags ranged from more than double this one to almost four times. The guitar fits great. She is learning to play guitar and needed a bag to protect the new guitar I bought her. I have other guitars and they all have cases and I might never actually take this guitar anywhere so I didn' twant to spend a lot. 
The fabric itself is a heavy cordura material, the zippers and pulls are heavy duty too, and the padding is stiff and thick enough to afford your (solid body) guitar some very substantial protection. Got this for an SG-style guitar, and it fits with plenty of room. The two zippered accessory pouches (for picks, a spare set of strings, and perhaps some music) are also a nice touch. For the money, this is the best one I've bought on Amazon, and will certainly buy it again in the future. 
(I would estimate the padding, which is entirely concealed within the cordura, to be approximately three-quarters of an inch thick. As it is, it's very cheap insurance for my Epi Les Paul II. I will attest to the fact that it is very well constructed. The fact that it sells for less than $20 makes it an absolutely fantastic deal. 
I don't travel long distances with my guitar but if I did, I would use a hard case only for that as I have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately. For the money, this is the best one I've bought on Amazon, and will certainly buy it again in the future. I originally put it on my wish list because I will admit, you don't always want to spend your own money on stuff like this but my wife ended up surprising me with this and it was a great surprise. It would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. 
This bag is well padded, has backpack straps to carry comfortable, and several pockets to hold cable, extra strings, picks, and much, much more. Some people complain about the smell. Would I get another one?  Probably, as long as the use was long term storage or to travel small distances. Got this for an SG-style guitar, and it fits with plenty of room. 
Idiot-proof, compact, extremely sturdy. Bottom line!!! eliminate a variable and audio problems are faster and easier to solve. I use this all the time for testing audio cables and it works great! It's got an all metal housing and seems sturdy too. Battery lasts for months. 
We bought this tester for our son to use for his band's equipment set-up. Well done Behringer!. Battery lasts for months. This thing will test most all the cables a musician will use. 
It appears to be well constructed, and should help to diagnose problems with cables as they work through equipment connection issues. for the price, it is hard to beat. I keep this with my battery tester for my active's. There isn't really much in the way of instructions, but the LEDs are fairly well labeled and straight forward enough to figure it out. 
Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay. This is a typical inexpensive hardshell guitar case made in China. Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane. So if you have a pricey guitar or are planning to load you guitar in a truck with other gear, or might ship your guitar or take it on a plane, this case is not the one you want to buy. 
Regarding the item itself, I am bit lukewarm. I decided to try the Guardian and save a few bucks. my fav cases ever. I was considering theSeagull Dreadnought Casebut there were no useful pictures or details on the item. 
Seems like I made a good choice. My Seagull Entourage Rustic fits very snug (I think that is a good thing, not certain) in the case which has a nice faux fur lining and seems well made. I was considering theSeagull Dreadnought Casebut there were no useful pictures or details on the item. I have a $500 Washburn and wanted something more than a gig bag for going to and from gigs and practice sessions. 
Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay. The wood shell is thin so don't drop anything on it but it is also lighter than a lot of other cases. This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use. The first day I got it, someone said, "nice case, it looks great!"  Say that now, though, after using it outside the house 4 times, and you'd be a lying SOB. 
Lower bout is 16&#34; wide, upper bout is 12&#34; wide, body is 21 &#34; long, and it's about 5&#34; deep at the bridge. Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay. This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use. Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane. 
This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use. I bought it to replace the original (chipboard) case for a 1963 Gibson ES-135 archtop. So if you have a pricey guitar or are planning to load you guitar in a truck with other gear, or might ship your guitar or take it on a plane, this case is not the one you want to buy. I was considering theSeagull Dreadnought Casebut there were no useful pictures or details on the item. 
And I got that. I shopped around local music shops and was discouraged with the prices. Checked out Amazon and was a little skeptical with the reasonable price, but pleasantly surprised when we received it. However, the fit is a bit loose and I don't have the sense that this case will stand up to much abuse over time. 
This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use. I got the $50 standard black on black case. A good reminder that the case latch lock is to keep the latch from popping open and NOT to keep crooks out. Fits very snugly in this case which is what I was hoping for. 
It holds my Behringer mixer along with my compressor and my vocal processing box. Solid construction and the mounting just works. Thanks to this problem I am only able to use TWO slots out of TWELVE. Not only do the holes get made proper size with threads in them, but it even includes 48 screws so you don't have to try to figure out which of the 3 sizes you've collected over the years is going to fit. 
light weight but holds a lot. Easy to mount rack components. Easy to assemble. great rack. 
but the rubber leg terminals are easy to lose too. at some point I had 2 behringer amps, power conditioner and 2 single unit audio processors. light weight but holds a lot. Plastic covers on the feet came off right away though, but not really a big deal to me. 
It also fit my tele to. My Fender Strat fits snugly in the lined case and while it isn't the most durable case (I wouldn't use it to ship my guitar) it is strong enough for hauling your guitar from one place to the next. Great case, great price. I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. 
Great case, great price. There are more expensive options out there, but for a non-fitted "do it all" case, this is the best bang for your buck hands down. Bought for project Telecaster. This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. 
I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. Case fits well and is finished nice, Hard to find better case at this low price!. This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. Like I stated, there's no longer any excuse for not having a good guitar case. 
It also fit my tele to. It seems to be slightly off kilter at the hinges and requires some fidgeting to get the lid closed properly, which is why I drop a star. Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. Bought for project Telecaster. 
This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. I don't have any complaints. Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. 
Case fits well and is finished nice, Hard to find better case at this low price!. They look great, seem well built(I am not a professional touring musician) and apparently do the job. Like I stated, there's no longer any excuse for not having a good guitar case. The exterior is covered in black tolex, just like a pricey case, and the gold stitching and plush interior really make this case seem worth much more than the asking price. 
Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. It seems to be slightly off kilter at the hinges and requires some fidgeting to get the lid closed properly, which is why I drop a star. The most recent was for something rather unique (a fanned fret, compound scale eight string) and that guitar also fit perfectly with plenty of room to spare. My Fender Strat fits snugly in the lined case and while it isn't the most durable case (I wouldn't use it to ship my guitar) it is strong enough for hauling your guitar from one place to the next. 
I brought a small Behringer guitar amp in case I had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. Volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. I wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case I lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. + Inputs for 2 Microphones, 1 Guitar, and 1 Audio Connection - Each with it's own volume control+ Portable - Built in retractable handles and wheels makes moving this around very easy+ Includes a mini-Plug to 1/4" Converter - A handy accessory+ Includes Echo Effect - A fun adjustable effect to liven up your voice (my kids loved playing with this :-)Note: My unit shipped with one of the fuses in a bag and it needed to be installed before the system would work. 
I must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. Besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works. I might give it 4 1/2 stars but I can't figure out how to get half-stars. I didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. 
And since I play there once a week I left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. The booklet even says it is only 100 watts, and I doubt it is really even that powerful. The website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept. The wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it. 
No complaints at all. The carrying case is also nice. For those who are starting out with recording, I recommend this microphone and a quality XLR cord and you will not be disappointed with your results. It is very sensitive, I can hear my computer fans in the background with this mic. 
Do not expect this to be MXL or even Behringer B-1 quality, but it's still better than no condenser, and is perfect for doing room acoustics or live mic'ing. Just place it upside down. People can't belive its a 50 dollar mic when I tell them. solid construction. 
I use this for vocals and recording acoustic through a Pod Studio UX2. Have had tons of compliments on the sound. amps or available on a neat little pre-amp sold by Amazon, the A. At least if you're purchasing directly from Amazon instead of a sub-vendor, you can be assured of a hassle-free return. 
No complaints at all. Such a fantastic price on this, can't beat it. I use this for vocals and recording acoustic through a Pod Studio UX2. After reading all of the reviews here and around the Internet, I took a chance since this is my first professional-level microphone. 
This is not a top tier condenser mic, but it is well worth the 40 dollar price tag. People can't belive its a 50 dollar mic when I tell them. Excellent sound quality, much better than any other mic I've used. For the money, this mic performs very well. 
They look nice, and are easily worth their selling price. I opened it. They do not include any additional hardware for mounting the speakers, so you'll have to figure out what you need, and buy those things separately. pulled it from its plastic sleeve and set it up on about a minute it was holding a speaker cab. 
I only needed one, I haven't use it, but I'm sure it's going to work well. the box was mint. This is going to be use for a piano amp which will help with the sound of the amp when put on top. Cheaply made, the safety pin is kind of a joke. 
it came today like the computer said it would. I opened it. This is going to be use for a piano amp which will help with the sound of the amp when put on top. I will more than likely take the speakers down to make sure they don't fall onto my baby grand. 
the box was mint. I only needed one, I haven't use it, but I'm sure it's going to work well. pulled it from its plastic sleeve and set it up on about a minute it was holding a speaker cab. ffsalsa. 
and why would I shop any where else?. Heavier, in terms of weight, than I thought it would be. thanks again Amazon. These hold up great year round. 
From 2006 when I bought it, till 2013 when I write this, still going strong, very happy with my purchase. It is always a delight nowadays when any electronic device is still functional after such a long time. For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch. Works well. 
It is always a delight nowadays when any electronic device is still functional after such a long time. Alas, my experience says newer devices being sold are rarely as good as when they first come out, but you never know, it may still be as good as ever now. What happened to all the Korg tuners that had LED lights on it? Don't get me wrong this tuner works great and makes tuning to E flat much easier than on a non Chromatic tuner but that's ALL I use it for. From 2006 when I bought it, till 2013 when I write this, still going strong, very happy with my purchase. 
used on open tunings and bass as well as my Mandilin. Guess that's why the price is so cheap. For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch. My only criticism is that for the size of the screen the readout is reallysmall and a bit hard for an old blind man like myself to see. 
I keep this one on my bass guitar gig bag to tune up before and during gigs. Like all of the others, this one is excellent, reliable and durable. For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch. got at least 3 of these around, i can use this for bass or guitar (i tune to low drop f and it even picks it up on bass). 
Works well. Filters out noise well when using the mic. As a home tuner or for a brightly-lit gig - excellent!. I find myself using it a lot. 
I keep this one on my bass guitar gig bag to tune up before and during gigs. used on open tunings and bass as well as my Mandilin. For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch. Even if the guitar and bass are not on the other end. 
i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. My only criticism is that for the size of the screen the readout is reallysmall and a bit hard for an old blind man like myself to see. korg makes great tuners. The leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. 
my pre-amp unit has a tuner but i love these for tuning off stage or something. The tuner is great  -  seems very accurate and senses all the notes with ease. What happened to all the Korg tuners that had LED lights on it? Don't get me wrong this tuner works great and makes tuning to E flat much easier than on a non Chromatic tuner but that's ALL I use it for. I prefer my older tuners that light up, This screen is really dim and there's not a back light. 
my pre-amp unit has a tuner but i love these for tuning off stage or something. At first I thought it was my cord however after four cords doing this, I also tried other tuners with the same cords and they worked fine. This tuner works fine for the flute and clarinet however for things that use the input jack it doesn't really work. Like all of the others, this one is excellent, reliable and durable. 
It is always a delight nowadays when any electronic device is still functional after such a long time. The leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. Filters out noise well when using the mic. 
This thing works well and is a little easier to see and less jumpy than my old tuner. Second is holding it's own. Tuning the guitar is really easy, just put the batteries in (it comes with 2 AAA batteries) and press the red button to turn it on, then pluck the strings! This is my first tuner and its great already! It's very portable. It works beautifully. 
As always, please indicate if this review was helpful and keep on rockin'. When I've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right(sharp) then back to the left(flat). Arrived on time as promised as expected it is durable and it is easy and accurate as well, is as described. It quickly detects the tune, dynamically changes as you turn the tuning pegs, and is extremely accurate. 
The LEDs are a little cheesy compared to the old one though. Works fine and at the this price it cant be beat. I don't know. Bought to tune my bass. 
SO I replaced with these. sucks bad now. oohthanks man. These take a while to break in but the tone is smooth and warm. 
D'Addario strings have never failed me. great sounding strings. you can hear the difference once it is used. I finally got it out and started to tune it, but the steel strings broke. 
They always provide vibrant tonal quality. This makes the move from the D to the G string too noticableCANT THEY EVEN MAKE  6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally. Like any string, one needs to match size and construct to personal playing style. But I've never played a set of this brand that I didn't like. 
These are so much better than the other nylon strings I used to buy where the ball end always broke. I had an old guitar I bought for cheap at a garage sale for my son (8 at the time) to play on, but never really cared for it. D'Addario strings have never failed me. SO I replaced with these. 
Will buy it again in the future. And no I don't work for D'Addario; just a long-time fan. But I've never played a set of this brand that I didn't like. Like any string, one needs to match size and construct to personal playing style. 
This should be configurable for any mandolin body size and shape and for most human body sizes and shapes as well. My primary concerns are comfort and function, and this product gets five stars on both counts. Five stars!. Pure function! This strap was very well designed and thought-out before going to manufacture. 
This strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it. This is a good quality product as advertised, fits well and enhances my efforts to play this instrument! I am satisfied. I returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin. I am just learning how to play the mandolin, one of the problems I was having was supporting the mandolin and fretting the notes, since I got this strap adjusted I no longer have to hold the neck so I can concentrate on the notes, I like the fact that you can unclip the strap at either end without touching the adjustments so I can put it into my case without having the strap laying across the neck, yet pick it up and with one click it is ready to play. 
This should be configurable for any mandolin body size and shape and for most human body sizes and shapes as well. I solved that issue though by taking a large triangular pick I wasn't happy with, drilling a hole in the middle and cutting a notch from the edge to the hole and then sliding this over the end-pin of the mandolin and the strap hasn't fallen off since (over 2 months of daily playing!). Pure function! This strap was very well designed and thought-out before going to manufacture. I had purchased a different strap for my F-style mandolin and it was adequate but when I learned of this Neotech strap and how adjustable it was I ordered it and tossed my earlier strap. 
He likes to keep his guitars clean and shiny. Item arrived on time and as described. On my old dirty beginner uke that had been sitting in a closet unused for years it really made it look like new again. I sprayed it on a bit of cheesecloth, used that to rub the instrument down, then wiped with a soft Chamois, worked like a charm. 
On my old dirty beginner uke that had been sitting in a closet unused for years it really made it look like new again. Also the price is right. I'm satisfied. It really makes your guitar shine! Also I use it on my guitar neck and fretboard and keeps it smooth and shiny. 
It polished the body of the glossy guitars up like new. Now i can see how guitar stores keep them looking so nice. If you want a nice looking guitar for the stage or display, this stuff works. Dunlop 65 cleans the smudges and fingerprints off, but I dont know how well it actually polished. 
He was right - great product!. Also the price is right. I can't say I'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well. It really makes your guitar shine! Also I use it on my guitar neck and fretboard and keeps it smooth and shiny. 
It shined up all my instruments and got rid of all those nasty fingerprints and smudge marks. Friend of mine has been playing/cleaning/modifying guitars for some 30+ years and this is what he recommended I use on my guitar to clean it. I can't say I'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well. I use it every time I change my strings for a little zaz. 
On my old dirty beginner uke that had been sitting in a closet unused for years it really made it look like new again. Took away my fingerprints and dust off my guitar and polished it to a shine that you couldn't see a reflection in yourself!. Spray on a fairly minimal amount across the body of the guitar and rub down with a lint free cloth. I like it well enough, just make sure you have a microfiber cloth to keep from scratching the lacquered surfaces. 
Easy to use, wipe on and wipe off. I have many acoustic guitars and I use this on all of them to keep them looking good. Cleans polishes and has a pleasant citrus scent. Love this stuff, I have been using it for years and it always does the job well. 
This holder, and just about every holder I've ever bought, doesn't hold a harmonica at the right angle for me. This holder may work well for harmonica for some people. But that goes for all neck racks really. This one has a decent spring and may not require the use of duct tape or wire to hold the kazoo in place. 
But that goes for all neck racks really. Getting he harmonica unto te spring-loaded holder can be a bit tricky. This is a good neck rack for gigging. I'm not a regular rack player and just wanted something to experiment with. 
Bear in mind that it's for a standard 10 hole diatonic harmonica, not the 16 hole chromatic style. If you can, you should try on holders before you buy. "nose flute"  (I do a "one man band" act sometimes. I've used one of these before, and don't remember it having lock washers. 
Great harmonica rack, for smaller harps. It's just annoying that some of the most basic expectations aren't met (like holding your harmonica at an even height on both sides). In case you're wondering about the difference between this Hohner harmonica holder and the Hohners costing more than twice this one's price, this one is made in China while the others are made in Germany. I can't get the harmonica adjusted close enough to play it, unless I modify it. 
2nd and perhaps bigger problem is that the metal is NOT bent evenly. I cut that off and got a big wide replacement tube at TAP Plastics for a buck (make sure the one you get is wide enough to slide over the bends in the neck loop bar thingee - I got the 1/2" diameter). But the secure feel of your harp is worth the slight extra effort. A must have for any folk player. 
The harmonica barely fits the holder, and there is no adjustment for distance from the mouth to the harmonica. I can't get the harmonica adjusted close enough to play it, unless I modify it. Bear in mind that it's for a standard 10 hole diatonic harmonica, not the 16 hole chromatic style. However, I found the fit around my neck and the angle of the harmonica to be a bit awkward. 
It's easy to adjust. This is the least expensive holder I could find Nov 2013. This holder, and just about every holder I've ever bought, doesn't hold a harmonica at the right angle for me. It DOES  take a little tweaking and customizing to get it arranged right around your neck. 
Fits into the supplied bag with shoulder strap. Other than being a little cheaply built it works great. Very well made, although the bag is a little lower quality. I like the fold up into a small package idea. 
Fits into the supplied bag with shoulder strap. It assembles quickly and easily, and folds up into a nice package for transport. I've used it  at both inside and outside gigs without any problems. No slippage. 
Sturdy enough to hold a big binder, 300 page spiral bound book and not feel at all unstable. No slippage. Every once in a while I have to tighten the lock cams, but that is no issue. Goes up and down and tilts back. 
At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers. It is so versatile because it can be narrow or wide AND Short or Tall. At home, it is a keyboard stand and even a stand to put my pedalboard on when I want to test out different pedal configurations. This is certainly a heavy duty stand!  It weighs quite a bit, is made of solid metal, and I would not hesitate to think it could hold quite a bit of weight. 
It is so versatile because it can be narrow or wide AND Short or Tall. This is certainly a heavy duty stand!  It weighs quite a bit, is made of solid metal, and I would not hesitate to think it could hold quite a bit of weight. Which is indeed a lot for the small places I fit into with my duo. This makes me nervous for live performances or close quarter practices. 
This makes me nervous for live performances or close quarter practices. Love that I didn't have to assemble this stand!  Just had to unfold it. This is certainly a heavy duty stand!  It weighs quite a bit, is made of solid metal, and I would not hesitate to think it could hold quite a bit of weight. Love it!. 
It is so versatile because it can be narrow or wide AND Short or Tall. At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers. Of course, that is 54 solid inches of stage front though. As well, I have the onstage connector that will allow you to connect a mic boom to it. 
The only small con is the top surface, you might wanna get a cheap Ikea board for it so you can throw anything. As well, I have the onstage connector that will allow you to connect a mic boom to it. At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers. I plan on using this one day to hold my Ableton Live machine as well as a small 2 octave keyboard and I will use the mic boom arm at that point!  Even as a keyboard stand, I like it because I can put pedals underneath it. 
The only small con is the top surface, you might wanna get a cheap Ikea board for it so you can throw anything. As well, I have the onstage connector that will allow you to connect a mic boom to it. At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers. I plan on using this one day to hold my Ableton Live machine as well as a small 2 octave keyboard and I will use the mic boom arm at that point!  Even as a keyboard stand, I like it because I can put pedals underneath it. 
Which is indeed a lot for the small places I fit into with my duo. At home, it is a keyboard stand and even a stand to put my pedalboard on when I want to test out different pedal configurations. Was easy to adjust and is very stable. WIth it fully extended to &#34;Long&#34; mode, I can fit both my pedal train pro and mini underneath it. 
It just exudes quality and feels solid and balanced in your hands. Once I got some new strings put on this beauty sounded like a singing angel, action was fine for me out of the box. Most definitely one of the best &#34;bang-for-your-buck&#34; acoustic guitars. You might need to adjust the neck a bit and some new strings probably wouldn't hurt but my god! What an amazing guitar!. 
You can spend a lot more on a guitar, but why would you want to when you can get something like this???. For under $200, I'm amazed at how nice this guitar is!  First, it was perfectly playable right out of the box - all I had to do was tune it. For any beginner this is the guitar I would but in there hands. I am a novice transitioning from a nylon string guitar so I needed the most gentle strings I could get. 
I still play this on almost every day. I still write all my songs on this and play it more then my !000 dollar american strat or 500 dollar ibanez. You will not regret it. The Yamaha came with a great hard case, tuner, pics and other goodies as a package and was very inexpensive. 
Honestly, I even sat on the floor for a while, but no matter what I did my legs would hurt. but it was always awkward. It is also sturdy, I'm very animated when I play, and the support feels solid after several gigs of 2 to 3 hours. This is a very stable, comfortable seat. 
It was absolutely worth the small investment for me. It is also sturdy, I'm very animated when I play, and the support feels solid after several gigs of 2 to 3 hours. For me, a stool is too high, and a folding chair too low, plus I need something that folds in with my other equipment. what can I say about it You really need it with the keyboard stand. 
Quick to set up / tear down / adjust. On Stage should consider doing this in the factory to save you the trouble. 4 different height adjustments. This is my third bench and seems to be the best of them. 
The unit did work but I had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. The PP400 Ultra-Compact Phono Preamp is exactly what it looks like:It's ultra-compact. The noise was evident in the signal due to far too much amplification being necessary. It's not cheap plastic like many companies would try to sell, the entire enclosure is fairly thick metal. 
It is in front of a computer speaker set (with woofer) for use on a Vizio TV as a sound system. But right away I noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. In addition I have an Onkyo M3040 connected to the receiver that I use for as a zone 2 amplifier. It does do what is supposed to do. 
In its compactness, though, it does NOT sacrifice usability. The PP400 Ultra-Compact Phono Preamp is exactly what it looks like:It's ultra-compact. Unfortunately, there is no option to buy it in black. The build quality is far superior than anything else at this price point. 
After I figured out that you have to attach a ground cable to the record player it installed very easily just plug it in and it plays!  I have not noticed any excess heat or other problems even though I keep it inside of my closed entertainment stand. It will sit comfortably between a turntable and another component. The build quality is far superior than anything else at this price point. It has the same build quality and performance as much more expensive preamps. 
In addition I have an Onkyo M3040 connected to the receiver that I use for as a zone 2 amplifier. They are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. But right away I noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. I bought this to connect a Technics TT with an Audio Technica cartridge to my newer Onkyo receiver with no phono input. 
They are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. Also, by avoiding the &ldquo;all-in-one&rdquo; tendency of units that include inexpensive D/A converters and such for USB output, this is almost certainly cleaner for the analog-only uses for which it is suited. I have been using this Pre-amp for a year and it has been great. After I figured out that you have to attach a ground cable to the record player it installed very easily just plug it in and it plays!  I have not noticed any excess heat or other problems even though I keep it inside of my closed entertainment stand. 
This problem is gone with the new preamp. This preamp also does not have a power switch, but this is not much of an issue. I wanted to wait till I got another phono preamp before I wrote this review. It will sit comfortably between a turntable and another component. 
In addition I have an Onkyo M3040 connected to the receiver that I use for as a zone 2 amplifier. It's one small complaint on an otherwise amazing product. I bought this to connect a Technics TT with an Audio Technica cartridge to my newer Onkyo receiver with no phono input. It also features a ground terminal which will hook up to many turntables and amps to further reduce interference. 
I'm using cakewalk's Music Creator 6 Touch so I didn't bother to load the LE software it came with. The two line instrument and microphone inputs make this perfect for a beginner or anyone needing a budget interface that works and is easy to use. This noise was making its way to my recordings too :-(For what ended up being less than twice the price of the Behringer I decided to try this unit. I bought this to work with my 9 year old son. 
I have been using Audacity which is a free download. I've been using this alongside my laptop for as long as I remember and it works the same as the day I bought it. Easy to plug in, I am using it with a MacBookPro and garageband. You can record the drums as a single track so once they're recorded you can not mix them individually (ie. 
The Cubase software also works well but the user interface and instructions are more complex that you might wish for. The two line instrument and microphone inputs make this perfect for a beginner or anyone needing a budget interface that works and is easy to use. The hardware works as advertised and is easy to operate. I have been using Audacity which is a free download. 
The hardware works as advertised and is easy to operate. I've been using this alongside my laptop for as long as I remember and it works the same as the day I bought it. The two line instrument and microphone inputs make this perfect for a beginner or anyone needing a budget interface that works and is easy to use. Still enjoying the product, still amazed at the ease of use. 
At least it's cheap though!  I just wish it had a power switch. It's a great little unit. All I was looking for, something to patch guitars to amp without drastic tone/volume changes. The only set back is that you can not use Condenser mics with this, without an external phantom power supply, as there is NO phantom power on this unit. 
Small yet clean and versatile. Needed a mixer and figured it was worth the risk to try this inexpensive mixer. It could also use being a tad bigger, they jammed everything into such a small area the knobs are a little close together. Other than that its a great and affordable little mixer that does everything they advertise. 
Pocket-sized headphone amps, and so on. I have two Behringer mixers and both exceed my expectations. Great for gigging remote events. Bass into one channel, iPod into another, headphones out. 
So buy this with the uca202/uca222 to clear up your recordings, do not buy a "rca to 3. Please, please, please, please do research before you buy anything! Good day everyone! ;D. I have two Behringer mixers and both exceed my expectations. I had read lots of reviews about Behringer, some people had buzz and noises, etc but this is not my case. 
It works!  There are other solutions to this dilemma. Small yet clean and versatile. Great product for entry level and great price for what you get. )So what's the Behringer XENYX 502 like in this use scenario?1. 
Bass into one channel, iPod into another, headphones out. But they're a) more expensive and b) kind of junky and c) come equipped with built-in effects and amp models which I do not want. So all in all, with my cheap microphone from radio shack and this mixer, the quality was good, but the hiss ruined it!!!!! Use a usb audio interface with this from behringer, do it, if you want 5 star audio quality! Their website has asio drivers to assist you, ohhh and go on YouTube and search up "uca202 studio", you'll get videos to help. All I was looking for, something to patch guitars to amp without drastic tone/volume changes. 
Bass into one channel, iPod into another, headphones out. I have two Behringer mixers and both exceed my expectations. Speaking of those knobs, they seem a little rickety. I worry that the knobs won't stand up to that kind of treatment for long. 
I'm not a professional and I just wanted a good mixer to connect my guitar/pedal, my tascam DR-03, my mobile as sometimes I use the Tascam to record, the mobile to reproduce and my guitar to follow. This little mixer is handy to have around for small headphone mixes and such, but don't expect it to last forever as is typical with Behringer products. I hooked this up to my desktop through the pink microphone input, and got a horrible, terrible mix, the hiss from the fan ruined it (i nearly had a panic attack), so i took like 9 months to do research, and found out that behringer made the uca202/uca222 for this unit and the 802 mixer, to remove the hiss and unwanted noise. So all in all, with my cheap microphone from radio shack and this mixer, the quality was good, but the hiss ruined it!!!!! Use a usb audio interface with this from behringer, do it, if you want 5 star audio quality! Their website has asio drivers to assist you, ohhh and go on YouTube and search up "uca202 studio", you'll get videos to help. 
I read other reviews that have had the same problem, so it seems to be an occasional issue. I had to send it back for a refund. Very portable and does the job it was designed to do. I bought mine used. 
and they are minor. Maybe I'm going deaf. EXACTLY what I needed. Connect mics, iPods, MP3 players. 
Add two monitors and you've got yourself a nice little PA. I have two XLR misc, one keyboard, and a guitar connected and its very easy to balance the levels. I have no gripe with it it's just that the preamp only works on two of the 6 inputs, so I figure if I get a mixer I can use ITS preamped channels and run them through the 1/4" inputs on my interface. Not only did it sound great but I was able to have more control over the sound of each individual mic. 
I didn't need all the flash and the input/output jacks on the top is WAY better than running them out the back of the unit (I hate that!). I love my ProFire610 it is reliable and the preamp is clean and strong. ] and gotten the 12 channel one. looking to buy more soon. 
I have a audio interface that has all the inputs on the back  this was difficult so for the longest time when I had my studio setup I had a mixing board going into the interface. The 8 inputs makes it very versatile for different projects. It makes the stuff I do in Logic easy. looking to buy more soon. 
And the price it right. Very portable and does the job it was designed to do. Add two monitors and you've got yourself a nice little PA. Behringer products have a kind of shoddy reputation and I was skeptical about paying even [. 
Lots of inputs, phantom power, and it produces really great sound! I'm very happy with this little mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. This mixer has four mic inputs. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. 
problem solved by using a power strip and using the power strip to power the unit on and off, the only other way to power it on & off is by unplugging it from the back to turn it on, and plugging it back in to turn it on, using the power strip to avoid much wear and tear on the power source connector, this was really stupid of Behringer, never ever had any kind of mixer without a power on & off button. Unbelievable amount of flexibility built into it. I was actually trying to buy the smaller Xenyx when I bought this one, but I'm so glad I got this model. I'm quite please with the Xenyx 1202. 
It has some fun effects. I was actually trying to buy the smaller Xenyx when I bought this one, but I'm so glad I got this model. problem solved by using a power strip and using the power strip to power the unit on and off, the only other way to power it on & off is by unplugging it from the back to turn it on, and plugging it back in to turn it on, using the power strip to avoid much wear and tear on the power source connector, this was really stupid of Behringer, never ever had any kind of mixer without a power on & off button. It has a durable metalic case. 
The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. I do not hear any external noise. 1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Only weird thing about this unit and it has been mentioned before is no ON & OFF switch, why?. 
I'd say the effects are just so-so. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far. 
I immediately put it to use at a musical venue in which all four microphone pre-amps were used for three vocalists and one flute, and the CD input was connected to a computer that was playing a minus track for the vocalists. To say that I used it "rarely" is an understatement - maybe once a month when I have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vDrums and a bass DI through my powered wedges. but the the other was out of stock :D I'll get to them one day. Pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero. 
The built-in effects are probably its weakest point. I immediately put it to use at a musical venue in which all four microphone pre-amps were used for three vocalists and one flute, and the CD input was connected to a computer that was playing a minus track for the vocalists. 12 channels fill up quickly, but I've mixed 10 at a time and nearly no noise (at least I don't hear any). However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. 
It does exactly what is expected of it. This was much smaller than I thought it would be but I kinda like that because it takes up no space. However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. Pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero. 
By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8. It does exactly what is expected of it. I didn't need the 'FX'. The effects on this mixer have not been very useful to me, since I am running Logic, but if I ever use it live, which I may do, I'd imagine they'd come in handy. 
Everything functioned well and the medium reverb effect performed well on all inputs. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The effects are just so-so in terms of sounds: usable, but not that great, in my opinion. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. 
I hooked the 990 up to a cheap ART Tube MP preamp and after letting a few vocalists experiment with it, they agreed that the 990 was clearly superior to the V67G that was hooked up to much more expensive preamp. Be sure to set your DAW insert on your input channel with a compressor/limiter, as you can easily blow through the volume into clipping. Has a rich warm tone, like tube mics. Really a remarkable microphone for around $100. 
I'm pretty new to using mics and PA systems but have used dynamic mics in the past, recreationally. I have used it on many recordings and it still amazes me that it can sound so great. Other musicians were impressed by it as well. I like the deep tones and wide range of pick up. 
used it forabout 30 minutes before crackling and static started. I have used it on many recordings and it still amazes me that it can sound so great. I've only used it on one and it sounded great, not as good as the one I used in studio, but it worked in a pinch for overdubbing with no studio time available. Can't beat it for the price. 
bought this for a modest step up in vocal tracks for home recording on my 24 bit neo 2488. i still recommend the mic though. its for studio, not live performances. use to record my music, works great on vocals and instrument  together or separate. 
My only real gripe is that the sensitivity pattern doesn't seem to be a super-tight cardioid, because it still picks up some sound coming from behind it. Worth a shot if you're on a budget like me!. use to record my music, works great on vocals and instrument  together or separate. I like to have reasonably nice gear in order to get as good a sound as possible in that setting, so if you're at or around the same level, you know what I'm talking about. 
I have a pretty weird pedalboard set-up involving an EHX digital Memory Man looped back into itself and another split earlier in the pedal chain. It works fine. I have a bunch of instruments (synths, back up recordings,. Only drawback: I tried getting straight into it with my musicman active bass, and the preamps saturated in low frequencies. 
Works great!. We have two of these in our vocal effects rack summing our effects from six feeds (three per mixer) down to two outputs (one per mixer), the mixers feed direct boxes which go back to the front of house console, this lets us have the effects on stage so the performers can control them and send the signal back to the console for adding into the main mix. but i hope then would run on batteries next time. I needed a way to boost the input of a wired lapel microphone coming from the preacher directly into my powered speakers. 
this is what i'm talking about: cheap but very usual form behringer. but i hope then would run on batteries next time. Works great!. We have two of these in our vocal effects rack summing our effects from six feeds (three per mixer) down to two outputs (one per mixer), the mixers feed direct boxes which go back to the front of house console, this lets us have the effects on stage so the performers can control them and send the signal back to the console for adding into the main mix. 
) plugged straight into my bass amp for home recording/practice. It cost a a little more than buying the parts to build something like an electric guitar wiring setup but it works out of the box so the labor cost is almost zero. It is lightweight and feels sturdy. This is the IMD--improvised musical device--solution to using both pickups without building a little box with two volume controls. 
No cable switching. This liitle box works great for my needs. Didn't need the sophistication of other mixers costing 5x as much. I got the Brady Bunch Musical here. 
My title says it all. I use it all the time to run an extra set of headphone in to my vocal booth/closet. For the money you can't beat it. I live in Europe and I had to buy special adapter which transforms 220 volts to 120. 
I can only hear in one ear in every headphone/output, and hardly anything in the other. I've had one of these I've used for years and it has served me well. Simple to set up: you get an input for your source and 4 outputs for 4 people to listen to the source and each one gets to control their own volume. Purchased two of these, one for on stage headphones and one to actually use as a junction box to send the sound elsewhere in the building to other amps/speakers. 
I use this at home on my project studio it works great for headphone sessions. It's all metal the knobs are great and very smooth to turn. I use it all the time to run an extra set of headphone in to my vocal booth/closet. I needed another so that I could get more headphone mixes out of my soundcard for recording multi-person bands in my home studio. 
I use this in my recording studio to allow musicians their own level of monitoring in their headphones for recording and playback. But I like it because it's cheap, light, and it works. Musicians love being able to control their own headphones, rather than having the engineer in the control room raise and lower their levels. Only for indoor really light use. 
Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products). I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s*** happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box. 
Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products). I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s*** happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box. 
Every guitarist needs a volume pedal at some point in a gig. THe Behringer Preamplifier/Volume booster pedal is an inexpensive yet quality volume pedal that works great!. This pedal makes the budget pickup sound like a much more expensive pickup now. I purchased a budget passive soundhole pickup for a guitar I bring to a local open mic. 
I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. I have never broken or had a problem with any of my Behrinnger gear (including a pair of Behringer 12" powered speakers mixed with a pair of Mackie 15" powered mains). This is a great problem solver for any rig that needs to control the input level to the amp and it does it at a bare bones price. What you put into the input comes out the same only louder. 
I thought it worked great for my needs. Jiggling of guitar cords could cause static and cut-out. That could be cord issues or box issues. But once the sound comes out it's difficult to discern the hiss; it's not extremely loud or annoying. 
I have never broken or had a problem with any of my Behrinnger gear (including a pair of Behringer 12" powered speakers mixed with a pair of Mackie 15" powered mains). I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. I have owned several Behringer pedals for live work and have some Behringer rack gear in my live audio rack and in my home studio. I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s*** happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. 
Received this item in good time. This is to be expected at this price. It's just so-so in my estimate, but in some cases so-so is good enough. I found the Behringer PB100 and after reviewing various posts about it as well as checking out the YouTube demos of the device I purchased it. 
I'm told that a Hum eliminator would do the trick, but that's another $40-$100 I really wasn't planning on forking out. It's simple & easy to use. Again, it's very good at what it does, if you don't power the microphone. Plus, the hum/buzz is so loud you can't hear anything from the microphone. 
The two dials for MIC and MON levels are nice and stiff, and feel like they will last. Can't really see a rhyme of reason to it- connections don't seem loose or intermitant or anything like that- I just either have good volume or it craps out??? It is in one permanent location, used exacty the same way every time- so it's never a matter of a different configuration or using it with different gear. Was a great problem solver for me but almost exactly one year after getting it the volume died. For the price I guess I shouldn't complain too much. 
Love this amp. Again, it's very good at what it does, if you don't power the microphone. Perfect for that singer or musician who is constantly asking for &#34;more me&#34; in their monitor. Adjust your volume of the main mix, and adjust your instrument/mic level relative to the mix without affecting the main sound or your band mates feeds. 
like title says. You can also use this to control a floor monitor if you want. battery operation would've been nice but like I said, does what it is supposed to, well enough that I've bought 2 of them. Adjust your volume of the main mix, and adjust your instrument/mic level relative to the mix without affecting the main sound or your band mates feeds. 
When you do set it up properly, the quality is fantastic. I bought aBehringer 802 Premium 8 Input Preampsback in July and I didn't know that I needed this. I highly recommend it. It would be nice if there was some kind of troubleshooting guide that came with it, though. 
I use this with a Behringer mixer and run it through my laptop computer to record my music. The UCA202 is a must-have DAC for anyone streaming or playing digitized music - whether MP3 or 192KBPS FLAC - via a Mac, PC, or Linux computer (especially laptops with notoriously-noisy audio signal pathways). Run your digitized sound through the UCA202, then through a tube buffer stage (for under $100 if you use a pair of Behringer  MIC100s set at unity gain) and then through competent downstream electronics and speakers for &#34;state-of-the-art&#34; at you-and-me prices. Or run a pair of &#34;best buy&#34; Sony MDR-7506 headphones (or Direct Sound EX-29s in noisy environments) directly from the the UCA202. 
This even helped us to figure out better vocal balance technique for some parts that were not quite perfect on stage. I constantly get comments about how clean and clear my sound is, and while I largely attribute that to the mixer, this digitizer is just as important a link in the chain. You can spend a ton more for a studio-level, multi-channel interface, but all I wanted to do was get two analog channels in and two out (2x2) on my bargain-basement PC, and this fits the bill. Running it through the USB not only give great flexibility but also makes my recordings sound like I was in a studio. 
I guess it really revolves around your personal needs. I run this between my small, 8 channel mixer and my laptop for recording guitar, and it's well worth the price to have one of these around. If you are a live musician or a DJ using something like Virtual DJ these boxes are a great way to eliminate low level hum from a laptop and give you a dramtically better sound than most internal laptop sound cards. This is a solid little USB Interface. 
I own two of these Behringer boxes (they come in two modals) and use them with Sonor/cakewalk and an internal software sound modual (Roland Virtual sound Canvas) to play back midi files with my live two piece band. For live performance these Behringer boxes are excellent and the price is a steal. If you are a live musician or a DJ using something like Virtual DJ these boxes are a great way to eliminate low level hum from a laptop and give you a dramtically better sound than most internal laptop sound cards. Got this based on other reviews, especially one who took the time to really expound on it. 
3) Downloaded the ~650 MB ZIPPED installer. 3) The interface is clean an easy to use. My experience:1) Try to install from disc. I'm using them on my latest song and have gotten nothing but compliments on how they sound. 
com account and download the installer from there. It works with Ableton Live 9 with no problems. You can edit the grooves and fills via MIDI if you need too, add in cymbals, etc. Some call it "plain" but with the right blend of sauce, cheese and crust, there's nothing plain about it - it's somewhat complex, much like myself. 
My advice: Don't even install the app from the included disc. My experience:1) Try to install from disc. A breeze to install on my mac mini, simple to use with Garageband. Great software, horrible install. 
they are certainly worth having. ( I love the Ernie Ball Super Slinky 9-42 strings and Fender stainless steel 9-42 strings also). Drop in replacement for both my MIM and MIA strat. My opinion is every Strat benefits from these tuners, they should be standard on both the MIM's and American Strats. 
I had them shipped to my business address. This are a no brainier, the price is right, and they look great on your stratocaster. Excellent build and looks great. They look very similar but the two pins are approximately 1/16th of an inch further out from the shaft so I'm going to have to drill new holes in the headstock to use them. 
They have a high build quality and work great. I like them, I don't love them. ( I love the Ernie Ball Super Slinky 9-42 strings and Fender stainless steel 9-42 strings also). They seem a lot smoother than the stock Fender tuners, which honestly, I have no problem with. 
They fit perfect on my American Standard Stratocaster. i got two sets of these tunners, my jackson and fender guitars stay way better in tune now, i love them. These Fender Locking Tuners are the best for Stratocaster guitars, mainly if you have a tremolo system, what helps a lot the tuning stability and speeds up the strings change. If you have never used these tuners before , you are in for a treat! New strings have never been easier to install. 
This are a no brainier, the price is right, and they look great on your stratocaster. and they're Fender, so how can you go wrong?. I've installed them on EVERY Fender I own. Even if you don't use the trem very often, they help maintain proper tuning if you overbend (which I'm prone to do). 
The neck was pre-drilled so the posts on the tuners and the diameter of the center post fit perfectly. Excellent build and looks great. The quality of the locking tuners looks great!I only wish that they'd show a diagram with the specs written on it so that I could have known that these don't fit my guitar!. Installed these Fender locking tuners, and voila !!!!!Amazing difference !!! Re-stringing is much faster now, and tuning is fast (no long loops around the tuning pegs) ,holds up much longer, rarely need to re-tune now, even after lots of bending and vibrato. 
These Fender Locking Tuners are the best for Stratocaster guitars, mainly if you have a tremolo system, what helps a lot the tuning stability and speeds up the strings change. Highly recommended. I put this puppy on in 15 minutes or less. This are a no brainier, the price is right, and they look great on your stratocaster. 
Two clicks to choose from- the low click is better than the high one to my ear. This probably doesn't matter to all of y'all though. Volume control is nice. In particular I love the name based tempos displayed on the face, many metronomes do not have that feature. 
It was a pain previously to have to mess with menus and such on a computer to bring up a metronome app from tablet, phone or computer. I do recommend this one. It's been in heavy use (1+ hours per day) ever since we got it many months ago and I don't think we've even had to replace the batteries yet. With this, I'll just have to flip a switch and dial the tempo that I want. 
With this, I'll just have to flip a switch and dial the tempo that I want. Sits on a standard music stand fine without falling off. When I sit down to practice my guitar, I just want something very simple to keep time. And there are two clicks to choose from. 
Sits on a standard music stand fine without falling off. Two clicks to choose from- the low click is better than the high one to my ear. In particular I love the name based tempos displayed on the face, many metronomes do not have that feature. This one is great. 
My aunt the music teacher recommended this metronome and we really like it. This metronome has 2 distinct audible sounds and a flashing light which makes it much easier for me to see and hear the beats. Very nice metronome with just enough features. It was a pain previously to have to mess with menus and such on a computer to bring up a metronome app from tablet, phone or computer. 
This one is great. It's got a good loud sound and is easy for my kids to adjust. This probably doesn't matter to all of y'all though. And there are two clicks to choose from. 
I do recommend this one. I would recommend this product. This one is great. It was a pain previously to have to mess with menus and such on a computer to bring up a metronome app from tablet, phone or computer. 
I turn guitar volume to max and adjust volume on the amp to desired level. If you want a little distortion, turn the gain up and you can have plenty of volume. Sounds ok on its own, not very loud or good quality at any high volume, but then when you plug in some good headphones, AWESOME! Great gain, tone, high volume, sounds awesome, perfect to use as a headphone amplifier with some play and effect. But again, for a $40 mini amp, my expectations were not that much to begin with. 
I'm using it with a cheapo guitar from the sixties, (a Decca), and I believe it produces the best sound I have ever gotten out of it. I just wanted something no-frills that was small, compact with enough quality sound to help me as I practice. I've had the same battery in there for several months already, playing several times a week and sometimes leaving it on accidentally for a day or two and no signs of battery drain so far. I also plugged an acoustic-electric classical guitar into the mini tone master and it also worked surprisingly well. 
This is a $40 conversation piece that I wouldn't mind having out on my work desk as a reminder of one of my favorite hobbies. (Phew!)  It should also be noted that this amp is powered either by a 9V battery or a 9V DC adapter (a BOSS pedal supply adapter will work, for example). APPEARANCE/DURABILITY - Actually, the aesthetics of the Mini Tone Master are one of my favorite things about it. I am using it with a Fender Starcaster when I travel for work (hotel friendly). 
SOUND - The concept of this amp is pretty ridiculous if you think about it - a one watt output with TWIN 2" speakers. APPEARANCE/DURABILITY - Actually, the aesthetics of the Mini Tone Master are one of my favorite things about it. In the reviews for this item, there seems to be a lot of debate over what the Fender Mini Tone Master is and how we should evaluate it. The sound quality those things pump into your headphones is of far greater quality (and volume/fullness) than anything this mini amp could do. 
Really a nice upgrade. I should say, however, what I got was definitely the true, ebony wood pins with the inlay. The pins are sort of an odd size (not sure if there is a generic pin size. Nonetheless, I put a couple in just to compare them to my old, plastic pins. 
I purchased this product to replace the pins on my Martin 0-16NY. I believe the ebony pins will be perfom admirably. Nonetheless, I put a couple in just to compare them to my old, plastic pins. I should say, however, what I got was definitely the true, ebony wood pins with the inlay. 
I picked this up for a friend who has the AudioTechnica AT2020 USB and Yes this does work with that mic too. It's solid, helps with mounting, and will be well used. It's solid and works well. I like the look of it, as well as the light-weight feel. 
Works great for podcasting, vocals or anything else you want to record. I originally bought a "universal" mic stand from guitar center which cost 50bux by the way. I picked this up for a friend who has the AudioTechnica AT2020 USB and Yes this does work with that mic too. I have never owned a samson microphone but judging by the quality of this product, I would definately consider buying one. 
Works with a lot of mics, and, with a little modding, it worked with my MXL V67G; which is all I needed it for. Fits MXL Cube mics perfectly! Sturdy and easyt to setup. Rare to get items these days that exceed expectation. But this one worked perfectly! Thanks you Samson!. 
Not a lot to say, works great as a shockmount!I think the best part might be that it also works with Behringer C-1s. That makes this shockmount a great option for people in that boat as well. It's solid and works well. I originally bought a "universal" mic stand from guitar center which cost 50bux by the way. 
Not a lot to say, works great as a shockmount!I think the best part might be that it also works with Behringer C-1s. Works with a lot of mics, and, with a little modding, it worked with my MXL V67G; which is all I needed it for. I have never owned a samson microphone but judging by the quality of this product, I would definately consider buying one. with a single modification, I was able to fit an array of other condenser microphones in this shockmount. 
It works great, not much I can say beyond that. This Guitar Tuner is such a great and useful tool. I am suing this item on a regular basis to tune my guitar, and it seems to work fine, no complains. It gets you in the ballpark, but just barely. 
I use this ALL the time. There are other things you can do on this tuner and for the price it is a great buy!. Worth the price-. Very versatile tuner. 
It automatically tunes to the string so you just pick and tune away! It also shows you chords in case you have forgotten them. I am suing this item on a regular basis to tune my guitar, and it seems to work fine, no complains. Had a guitar for years,, always tune it but never time to practice, it tells you what note is actually being played when your string is out of tune so you can zero in on the correct one better. very happy for this product. 
Best recommended. (Not all chords are in here but the &#34;core&#34; chords are). Had a guitar for years,, always tune it but never time to practice, it tells you what note is actually being played when your string is out of tune so you can zero in on the correct one better. It's pretty basic but really good for a beginner. 
It teaches chords and got me to play my guitar better in less than one day. I picked one of these up when they were being blown out cheaply at a big box store. It automatically tunes to the string so you just pick and tune away! It also shows you chords in case you have forgotten them. Thanks, Austin Garcia. 
I was wrong. I have experimented with others but always come back to them. They bend and bend and bend, are easy on the fingers during lengthy solos, and give a great sound whether you're playing gritty or bright. I have a Schecter Hellraiser with EMG X Series pickups and they go great with them. 
I don't have any tone loss between these and. After playing with these for a week I loved the way that they played and I loved the way they sound. I have experimented with others but always come back to them. I've been playing guitar for years and lately I've been wanting some slinkier strings so I can get a little more bend out of them. 
The best $5 you will ever spend on a guitar improvement is to put Ernie Ball strings on your guitar. I would not recommend these to anyone other than those who literally have no callus developed. I also play country and punk, and these strings let me get enough twang and beef, respectively, to play those styles as well. Switching to Ernie Ball strings should be a matter of course when purchasing a new electric guitar, and if you do any blues playing at all, Extra Slinkies are for you. 
I thought I'd try these out and I loved them. Strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as. After playing with these for a week I loved the way that they played and I loved the way they sound. I have experimented with others but always come back to them. 
If you hit the power chords hard you may also want to stear clear-  these require a bit more subtlety in your attack or you will vibrate in and out of tune on the low E when you are pulling off windmills like Townshend. I don't put these on every guitar but on the right guitar they are perfect. What's the right guitar?  Longer scales- like a strat. These are my favorite guitars strings, they last a long time, bend well, hold great sound, and you won't have to tune your guitar every five minutes like some strings. 
I would not recommend these to anyone other than those who literally have no callus developed. The best $5 you will ever spend on a guitar improvement is to put Ernie Ball strings on your guitar. Weak sounding, and break very easily. Switching to Ernie Ball strings should be a matter of course when purchasing a new electric guitar, and if you do any blues playing at all, Extra Slinkies are for you. 
Great strings, I use Ernie Ball strings on all 7 of my guitars, both acoustic and electric and never had a complaint. These strings are beyond amazing. These are my favorite guitars strings, they last a long time, bend well, hold great sound, and you won't have to tune your guitar every five minutes like some strings. Strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as. 
i use this to play in the Church and a friend of mine approached me and said that the sound is really crisp and bold. My daughters love this amp and works perfect. This little amp does everything I need for small gathering. In summary, it's ready to be used right out of the box. 
Much to my delight, together with a passive, inexpensive hole-mounted pick-up (the Seymour Duncan SA3SC Woody) , an inexpensive Audio- Technica vocal microphone and this Behringer AT108, I can hear a fullness and richness that actually makes good instruments sound even better!At least as importantly, it allows me to hear myself more the way I am heard by others who will not hear me, as I do in part, from the resonations inside my skull. To hear what those listening hear, you have to arrange things so as to hear the sound coming TO you, not FROM you. It aims your own sound back at you so you can hear something a lot closer to what an audience would hear. The small amp is just what I was looking for and the second channel for a mike is a big bonus, I haven't tried it yet since I can only play one instrument at a time but with an adapter for a 1/4 inch RCA plug it could also be used to amplify two instruments at the same time. 
That works great, but sometimes I don't want to be tied down to the PC. It only weights 15 lbs so moving around is really easy. I use the PC arrangement for recording and the amp for private relaxing guitar playing wherever I want to have it. I was a bit skeptical about buying this, but after reading the reviews I thought why not. 
this is an amazing acoustic amp for my classical guitar. Product is as described. The small amp is just what I was looking for and the second channel for a mike is a big bonus, I haven't tried it yet since I can only play one instrument at a time but with an adapter for a 1/4 inch RCA plug it could also be used to amplify two instruments at the same time. I say perfection, because this amp does exactly what I wanted it to do. 
I love having two mic inputs and the CD input. Don't plan on using it for your next tour with Manhattan Transfer, Seal, or Celine Dion. The 8 inch speaker is obviously not going to give the kind of sound quality as a good 12 inch, no matter what. In summary, it's ready to be used right out of the box. 
I tried everything as soon as I received it:1) guitar (classic), mandolin, acoustic guitar all sound the way they normally sound in this ampActually, the classical guitar sounds much better and this encourage me to play more thru this amp. Received promptly and tested out with acoustic/electric guitar. I just can't believe how loud this little baby is. i use this to play in the Church and a friend of mine approached me and said that the sound is really crisp and bold. 
It offers ample volume for small venues. I brought for someone else. It is also a great value for what it does. Every musician should have one of these around. 
I have used it for several months with no problems. Every musician should have one of these around. For the dollar its the best and biggest bang for the buck. This tiny amp packs BIG sound for everything from a harmonica to a keyboard. 
I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great. It isn't bulletproof, but you'd have to pay a lot more for airline level protection anyway. The guitar fit inside the case perfectly, and a zippered pocket on the case allows for storage of picks, stings and other flat items. Nicely made and well-padded guitar soft-case purchased to protect a Jasmine S34C NEX Acoustic Guitar. 
I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great. The guitar fit inside the case perfectly, and a zippered pocket on the case allows for storage of picks, stings and other flat items. This product is exactly what they say it is. Definately worth $25. 
I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great. Nicely made and well-padded guitar soft-case purchased to protect a Jasmine S34C NEX Acoustic Guitar. I've been using this for my 'beater' guitar, and it has done just fine in the back of my car, etc. It fits a dreadnaught acoustic 6 string guitar, has good padding, and has a large front pouch for music and small (fairly flat) items like a tuner, winder or spare strings. 
I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great. Definately worth $25. Seems well made. The guitar fit inside the case perfectly, and a zippered pocket on the case allows for storage of picks, stings and other flat items. 
Very nice product. I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great. I've been using this for my 'beater' guitar, and it has done just fine in the back of my car, etc. Nicely made and well-padded guitar soft-case purchased to protect a Jasmine S34C NEX Acoustic Guitar. 
I have not had good luck with arpeggios but again, practice could improve this. With practice, I think this could improve. He clearly, was good with an ebow. I also perform live in a cover band. 
Read the manual if you are having trouble, it explains in great detail the techniques you can utilize with this device. Overall, I think this is a great product. People in the audience tend to take notice during that solo and I get questions about how it works. I am sorry, I just can't dig it. 
Battery life is exceptional. I wish it had been a bit less expensive but if I lost it, I'd buy another one. They used it to simulate bagpipes and I always loved that sound. The e-bow is a great tool for any musician looking to get a really neatethereal sound out of their guitar. 
Its not that I "didn't know how to use it" like one of the morons in the comments section stated, this product requires very little skill to use. I wish it had been a bit less expensive but if I lost it, I'd buy another one. They used it to simulate bagpipes and I always loved that sound. Battery life is exceptional. 
This worked well for me from about 25 to 30 feet. Sound was good and it was easy to set up. Good for the price and no regrets. It was not dropped or abused in any way. 
These Nandy mics are great entry level mics if you are looking not spend to much cash. I also have a weekend DJ business and these work well professionally. I'll probably start taking these on gigs since they are so affordable to replace if they break. Why spend more? My DJ business includes up to 4 Shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive Nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). 
I re-attached the item and added a windscreen. I purchased refurbished so, when I received the microphone, the mic piece is actually removed from the handle. get the batteries it did not came with any. Why spend more? My DJ business includes up to 4 Shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive Nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). 
Now, my kids play around with it and the microphone never detached anymore. This microphone works well for our needs. I purchased refurbished so, when I received the microphone, the mic piece is actually removed from the handle. This worked well for me from about 25 to 30 feet. 
-Changeable mesh ballsCons:-Limited upper frequency response (&#62;8kHz)-One stopped working after about half an hour of use. These Nandy mics are great entry level mics if you are looking not spend to much cash. I am using it for a dj karaoke system I do recommend it. -Requires nearly direct line of sight between transmitter and receiver for any distance greater than 10 feet. 
This microphone works well for our needs. Why spend more? My DJ business includes up to 4 Shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive Nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). Now, my kids play around with it and the microphone never detached anymore. get the batteries it did not came with any. 
For the price you can not beat these. They work great and after a year with them they are still working like the day I got them. I also have a weekend DJ business and these work well professionally. I'll probably start taking these on gigs since they are so affordable to replace if they break. 
Don't know what the delay was but it took forever to get here. If you use all four fingers buy two sets. I find these (and the ProPicks, for that matter) much more natural than conventional picks. I love the open feel from these picks. 
I can wear these either on the outside or inside of the nail. These actually work really well as long as you don't play hard, like I sometimes do with my other picks. The picks look like they will work although they are a little hard to bend, we will see if it's what I was looking for, thanks!. I grew up playing without picks when playing finger-style and the transition to wearing picks was not going well. 
ProPick open metal pick users will probably think that these look very familiar. Highly recommended for fingerpicking on acoustic guitar and resonator guitar. They offer the user the advantage over conventional plastic and metal finger picks that you can actually feel the string with the fleshy part of your finger. It's almost like picking with with just your fingers, except with more volume. 
or even just want the mics for a PA system, then it's really hard to beat what you get in this deal here. There good mics. I've been around mics under $100 for 30 years, and when compared to other mics in the $50-$100 range, they are as good or better! Good lows and clean highs without ANY hiss. We Shure mics and they needed repaired all the time. 
Order just in time to replace my microphones that were well deserved of retiring. Sensitivity and clarity is more than acceptable for my needs. I use these at parties and they work good for the price I paid. Great bargain price. 
Pros:-Solid build quality-Included flight case, mic clips, and adapters (3/8&#34; female threads to 5/8&#34; male threads)-Clean audio-Great for live sound eventsCons:-Limited upper frequency response--this is to be expected in almost all dynamic mics. excellent budget dynamic mics and sweet case for storage!!!. I was very surprised to find that I like the sound of my voice better through one of these than my old reliable SM-58 (and these Behringer mic's are about 1/10 the price each. I had some band mates that did not seem to respect my Shure SM-58 mics very well so I bought some of these cheap mics to use on them. 
Order just in time to replace my microphones that were well deserved of retiring. If you need a sturdy all metal cheap mic, this is the bargain. I can say that with authority since I run KJ shows 6 nights a week and have for the last 20+ years, so I know good singers when I hear them. My band had no PA or mics or anything. 
Then place the 3 packs in the floating container (stacked on one another or on their sides) and seal the top of the larger container with a lid. Next, I take a smaller empty ziplock container (the bottom of one big enough to hold a sandwich), and float it on the water in the larger container. To recharge them, I take a large ziplock plastic container with a lid (big enough to hold 1 quart), and then pour a few cups of distilled water in the bottom. I've successfully recharged these using distilled water about 3 times now, and they work just as great as they did new. 
I have not had any problems with the packages leaking or creating any problems in the guitars. THis system works great! I have a Taylor 910ce, and two other guitars I use these on - very simple and works great!. There is a double sleeve and a single sleeve. I have the double behind the neck of my guitar in its guitar case and the single behind the body. 
This little speaker is more than loud enough for a good size stage with reasonable stage volume. It is built extremely well/very solid and sounds incredible. It looks really rugged, so I'm looking forward to years of happy use. I use it as a PA for practicing and it is a God-send. 
A big plus. I agree. Another tip:  Get a copy of Yamaha's Sound Reinforcement Handbook. That leads me to conclude that this is best for live performances. 
I won't have to listen to them. I did a direct comparison with this against aMackie SRM150 5. Between this and my GT-100 I have the ultimate direct guitar system, with inputs still available for a monitor feed from the main board. If my instruments (I'm usually playing 2-3) have to be mixed through the P. 
That is somewhat inconvenient when using it as a main because the controls will be facing away from you. I agree. That leads me to conclude that this is best for live performances. Vocals through the channel with the XLR are adequate, but not particularly spectacular. 
In reality the single cable configuration is more than sufficient. One of these is more than sufficient for small venues as a main keyboard amp with channels for a mic and backing track. There are a few things to note regarding mounting this on a mic stand. There is a threaded mic stand socket on the bottom, but I place it on the floor and angle it back by putting my DI box underneath it. 
A little careful sanding/polishing and the guitar was ready to play. I replaced a bone non-compensated saddle of my parlor sized guitar with this. I bought a tusq nut and this tusq saddle for an Aria acoustic which can be a nice sounding guitar. This is NOT worth the money. 
A little careful sanding/polishing and the guitar was ready to play. I replaced a bone non-compensated saddle of my parlor sized guitar with this. I bought a tusq nut and this tusq saddle for an Aria acoustic which can be a nice sounding guitar. When I purchased this I'd seriously hoped that it would make a real difference to the tone of my guitar. 
I had a bone nut that cracked which is why I tried these replacements. I bought a tusq nut and this tusq saddle for an Aria acoustic which can be a nice sounding guitar. The guitar is a modest model but it is a player with a "better than a lot more expensive guitars" sound. This is NOT worth the money. 
Guess what? As far as I can tell, there is no difference whatsoever between this saddle and the original the guitar came with. I researched the "Tusq" products and found enough people impressed to give it a try. This left the saddle too low to the neck. When I purchased this I'd seriously hoped that it would make a real difference to the tone of my guitar. 
I replaced a bone non-compensated saddle of my parlor sized guitar with this. I bought a tusq nut and this tusq saddle for an Aria acoustic which can be a nice sounding guitar. A little careful sanding/polishing and the guitar was ready to play. Guess what? As far as I can tell, there is no difference whatsoever between this saddle and the original the guitar came with. 
i have a tired 16 year old lefty acoustic guitar that needed some love. The compensation built into this saddle makes another hit with GraphTech TUSQ products for me. Gave my guitar a bad metallic sound, and I lost bottom end. Replaced the plastic saddle in my Yamaha F335BL. 
I had to sand it down some in all directions. i decided to replace the saddle with this one. Good sound quality for not being bone. I installed this saddle in my Silvertone SD10. 
i decided to replace the saddle with this one. this one is an ivory-ish color and it is really nice. Replaced the plastic saddle in my Yamaha F335BL. The compensation built into this saddle makes another hit with GraphTech TUSQ products for me. 
TUSQ saddles and nuts are the best synthetic out there. I purchased the plastic and it worked fine but the notes were not as distinguished as the TUSQ. The directions are in the package. All my stringed instruments have been fitted with TUSQ parts. 
This is a great product, just not for me. This was easy to install and comes with easy to understand instructions. I have a nut on the way to complete the upgrade. I did have to sand to make it fit. 
Cleaned it up,buffed the finish out,tweaked the truss rod a bit and installed this saddle with new Dunlop. Good sound quality for not being bone. The compensation built into this saddle makes another hit with GraphTech TUSQ products for me. GraphTech works. 
Disapointed. It sound muffled. I was really excited to try out the pickup so I plugged it into my Roland AC-33 and let her rip, it was awsome, very full and very representative of my guitars sound. I've read that folks prefer the K&K; over the made-for-the-GS-Mini-Taylor-pickup. 
Installed one on my CF Martin, almost leaving a thumb super-glued to the inside of the guitar. If I forgot my PADI I would have no qualms about playing this straight into a system. This is the first one I've bought that had the smaller transducers. Bought another for my brand new Taylor GS Mini Mahogany after hearing what a great acoustic sound was coming from the CF Martin through a brand new Kustom Sienna Pro30 acoustic guitar amp from Amazon. 
The only change I had to make to my guitar was making the end pin jack bigger and that was easy too. I am extremely pleased!  This was my brother's guitar, and he had a Mcyntire soundboard transducer installed by his local guitar shop. I have K&K pickups in other guitars. It does pick up percussive noise which you don't get with under saddle pickups. 
An interesting experience - would have been almost comical to arrive in the emergency room with my thumb stuck to the inside of the guitar. I'm sure that some of my DNA still resides in the guitar. Installed one on my CF Martin, almost leaving a thumb super-glued to the inside of the guitar. Bought another for my brand new Taylor GS Mini Mahogany after hearing what a great acoustic sound was coming from the CF Martin through a brand new Kustom Sienna Pro30 acoustic guitar amp from Amazon. 
This one comes with an ingenious DIY installation jig made from, I'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape. This is the first one I've bought that had the smaller transducers. This pick-up sounds good and does actually sound like the guitar acoustically. When I tested it out I was blown away. 
I use this to practice at my computer to keep from disturbing my wife when she is studying or my daughter when she is sleeping. I'd say the level is beginner/intro level sound and quality. Since I use Logic Pro X and MainStage 3 it wasn't a loss to me, but if you are buying this interface for the fact it comes with &#34;Amp Tones&#34;, you might want to look somewhere else. I was excited to get this product and use my electric guitar with garageband. 
The license included only works for one amp, the AC box combo and not the other two, you need to purchase the license for them. But, all the instructions described a blue USB light and CD of driver and recording software which this did not come with. This unit definitely fits the bill, and from what I can hear when playing, has an even lower latency than the RS cable. It comes with three amplifier software packages and says you have the license to turn on any one of the three, not true. 
get something else. I was excited to get this product and use my electric guitar with garageband. In addition if you are in an austere environment and can't get to the internet to register your product immediately you are out of luck trying to make it work. You must use the headphone jack on the interface. 
I'd say the level is beginner/intro level sound and quality. My product has an orange USB light instead of a blue one. It's also quite nice to have a headphone jack right up front for quiet practice times. I couldn't even get the software to load on my 2013 iMac. 
:)I like them and glad I purchased them - so far. They keep your guitar in tune with an iron fist lock. They provide a VERY noticeable upgrade and provide a true vintage look. I can tune with much finer precision, and they hold that tuning with even the nastiest of bending. 
I came across these Grovers. I decided to use the old screws instead of the new ones that shipped with these Grovers - they fit better (i. I bought a set of these to upgrade my Kona K1ETRD, a vast improvement over the old ones, now it stays in tune better and they're very smooth, looks nice too!. tighter). 
They keep your guitar in tune with an iron fist lock. They had good reviews and the price was right. I can tune with much finer precision, and they hold that tuning with even the nastiest of bending. I installed these on my 2000-ish Epiphone Les Paul. 
I never liked the ones that were on it but I didn't want to drop the $$$ unless I needed to. They also feel more sturdy than the ones I just replaced. I decided to use the old screws instead of the new ones that shipped with these Grovers - they fit better (i. I bought a set of these to upgrade my Kona K1ETRD, a vast improvement over the old ones, now it stays in tune better and they're very smooth, looks nice too!. 
They keep your guitar in tune with an iron fist lock. Took me about 30 minutes to replace all the tuners and re-string the guitar. I have grovers on all but 1 of my guitars. I like the vintage look of these and they go great with my Gibson custom SG. 
They had good reviews and the price was right. cheaper and as good as if they were original Gibson, fit well and look well, tune well everything, get them!. I came across these Grovers. I have grovers on all but 1 of my guitars. 
On top of it, Lee Oskar actually called me once just because I left a question on his website!I've met Rick Epping (of Hohner harmonicas) at NAMM -great guy- but he never called me at 3:30 in the afternoon just because I could not identify a song I thought he was playing on!I carry around between 10 or 12 harps to a gig, so that is at least $290 for a set of Lee Oksar harps. More life or something. With this in mind, I would generally recommend beginners start with the Hohner Special 20. Lee Oskar harps are the best value. 
I feel that every microphone is great compare to nothing. I bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. This is not a great quality microphone. It works great thank you, Nady and Amazon. 
I was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic. I still tried it with a difference mic. Although this is hardly a high-end microphone, it is fully functional for amplification of voice or an instrument, although the output signal seems like it could be stronger. Still. 
So, this is probably not the best choice for the full-time professional musician, but for busking around or playing in clubs, it's worth a look. I connect it to my portable 20 watt amp and provides the sound I need in intimate settings. Although this is hardly a high-end microphone, it is fully functional for amplification of voice or an instrument, although the output signal seems like it could be stronger. This low cost, compact microphone and stand is perfect for my local speaking engagements. 
I bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. It is not. The stand that comes with is light and I wouldn't subject it to too much abuse (don't invite Iggy Pop over, he's rough on mic stands) but it will do the job admirably if what you want is something to hold the mic while you wave your hands in the air like you don't care. Sorry. 
They use it mainly to sing along with their cds/mp3's. Note that this is not really a mic I would use in my studio - it is more of a toy to be honest, but a quality toy for a young child. This is not a great quality microphone. And you're gonna do that, right?. 
Seriously. This is a great mic!  Out of the box, it has a nice weight to it. I'm just a dude in a band. It sounds slightly hotter than say, a Shure SM58; which is why I like it so much. 
(yes I am a musician too). The 57 version is also like its Shure counterpart. I'm just a dude in a band. It sounds slightly hotter than say, a Shure SM58; which is why I like it so much. 
Someone with super human ears will tell you otherwise and they may be right, but I have been recording music for years and this mic is as good as any shure mic I have had and it's only half (or less) of the cost. love the on and off switch and the sound is great with little or no feedback, would purchase this mic again. To my ears, this is a SM58. I was very skeptical about this mic being so cheap and all but I use it in my band with several other Shure mics and I cant tell the difference the same pa mix and they sound the same. 
This mic is strong, reliable and produces the sound I'm looking for. Great sound and great deal. love the on and off switch and the sound is great with little or no feedback, would purchase this mic again. (yes I am a musician too). 
I plan on getting a few more of these. I'm extremely happy I took the chance, and as soon as I submit this review, I'm purchasing another. Now, if I was dripping money, maybe I would stick with the "industry standard," but when you can buy these at a 3:1 dollar ratio, why on Earth should I?2/6/2014 update: I must say that in some venues, you'll really have to tweak the EQ in order to stop feedback. Ok, so I had to buy another item because 2 items in my cart were "add-on" items. 
It doesn't have much value on your belt clip. It has a button clip on the back which is non-removable so makes it all but useless if you don't put it on your belt. It is packed with features and there is a little bit of a learning curve if you want to really make use of the features, but simple plug and play operation is possible. Throw in the fact it chews through batteries, the software interface you use to program it on your computer is really difficult to use, and how it loses its small-and-portable-factor with a guitar cable, headphone cable, and power adapter plugged into it, I'd be hard-pressed to recommend this product unless you really need to practice through headphones. 
As an inexpensive effects box that also works as a portable headphone amp, this thing is cool. The Line 6 Pocket Pod Pack includes a patch cord, power supply, USB cable, CD, cheap ear buds, and MP3 player cable. I considered a few different brands and even other Line 6 POD models. I wanted a portable headphone amp but bought this instead because it was only a few bucks more and offers a ton more features. 
I am very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend it to any guitarist out there who needs some great tones to practice with. I even ordered a POD XT only to cancel that order when I realized that you can download tones from the Line 6 website and add them into the user memory banks for easy retrieval. Still have my effects rack. The Bad:The tones are not good by any stretch of the imagination, unless you like hyper-distorted noise. 
This is extremely difficult to do if you need to switch between settings in a live environment. And once you've got the presets you like best, use the software to put them all in one place so you can find them easily. CONS:  There's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 AAA's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a Marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  And I still don't sound like Alvin Lee). Master some of the amp/cab models and how to tweak them for gain, reverb, delay, etc. 
I had a Line 6 POD that worked only on the computer and was great for effects and stuff but not the best for actually practicing away from the computer and decided it was time to change that. I wanted a portable headphone amp but bought this instead because it was only a few bucks more and offers a ton more features. Add to that possible lines for headphones and an a/c adapter and you look like OctoMan. Though it's not perfect, it's like having a room full of guitar effects and different amps. 
CONS:  There's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 AAA's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a Marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  And I still don't sound like Alvin Lee). PROS:  32 amp models, 16 cabinet models, effects + thousands of available presets = TONES GALORE; good software for managing tones and creating new ones; can be used in front of an amp (in case you want to know how a modeled Mesa/Boogie would sound coming out of a real Vox); lots of connectivity; compact enough that I keep the unit, the cable and the power supply in my case; no tech problems at all; built-in noise gate and tuner; easy-to-use tap feature. I prefer a genuine tube driven amp with analog pedals. I have had multiple mistakes and frustrations. 
Still have my effects rack. I scored a virtually unused pre-owned unit for $50. Though it's not perfect, it's like having a room full of guitar effects and different amps. My only gripe- and it is considerable - is that the unit sounds too digital to me- particularly as the chord or note starts to decay and fade. 
I scored a virtually unused pre-owned unit for $50. CONS:  There's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 AAA's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a Marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  And I still don't sound like Alvin Lee). My original thought was to use the unit as an interface for recording on my PC. I eventually gave the unit away to someone who has just taken up the guitar. 
Well worth the price of the product. Has all the adapters I needed. This is just what I needed to get rid of three or four large AC adapters. In fact, bought a 2nd one that stays on my workbench for powering various items being tested or worked on. 
In that time I've done probably over 200 gigs and I've never had a problem. If you are thinking about buying this product, do it. It's a good ideal but the big problem I have is if Ya are using a tube Amp. ( have a 65' Twin Reverb Fender tube ) Ya get one HELL of a HUM. 
Would I use it on stage or in the studio? Yes. Is it reliable? Yes. on the down side this unit can be a bit noisy depending on which wall socket you have to plug into. I'm using the 9v battery adaptor for the wah and my Dist+, and I get a really weird random squealy noise from the wah (not the same one you get when the wah is not playing well with another pedal in your chain) and intermittant operating problems with the Dist+. 
I use it every gig now, no problems. Easy to use and only takes up one space on a power strip. Recommended. This system works good. 
The power adapter is smartly built so that it will only take up one slot on your surge protector or in your wall outlet. With this, you get the power adapter, the extension cable (to hook up multiple stomp boxes), and a bag full of converter cables. I have an M-Audio Black Box which had a peculiar size plug. Using just one wall wart you can power all of them, at least those that receive this kind of power 9v. 
While this unit has no tone adjustments, it also adds 'something' to make my guitars sound better (I know that is sort of vague). This is an amazing pedal. Behringer Rocks. No other pedal comes close to delivering more bang for the buck. 
But a few notes. I got this because at just around 32 bucks, its pretty much seemed like a stealcompared to other pedals I was looking at. This is an amazing pedal. But, with what this pedal DOES do for me, that's a small price to pay. 
Not only do I get a full selection of effects, but the pedal doubles as a DI unit, solving input issues on some problem sound systems I've played thru. No other pedal comes close to delivering more bang for the buck. For this price, I can't see why anyone would not like this pedal. But, with what this pedal DOES do for me, that's a small price to pay. 
I've used the FX600 for a couple of years. delay , flanger ,phaser , tremolo , pitch shifter. That's probably an unintended benefit, but I find it a valuable feature, which gives me confidence to play thru any system. Behringer Rocks. 
For this price, I can't see why anyone would not like this pedal. For 50 bucks you get every effect except distortion. For the price this is a steal. FYI, my buddy's Digitech multi-effect pedal actually introduces hum into systems, where this (FX600) has helped me get a cleaner sound. 
I have a Yamaha F335BL and a Hohner HC06. I got this guitar from Guitar Center (after I tried it out)  The action is low, and the fretboard is bigger (for fingerstyle and beginners this is really good). This is my first time buying a guitar without testing it first. Overall, it falls within the classic dreadnought tone category, with good volume. 
It sounds and looks wonderful and manages to stay that way. It will increase in value (to you at least). This model has the cedar top. It also allows you to knock the heck out of it. 
The braces do not look as uniform and neatly finished as they might on other guitars. I got the S6 today and this evening my wife, with her Taylor GS Mini, and I, with this S6, played Smokey Mountain Memories. I have nothing against Seagull, or Canada, but bought one of these NEW off the rave reviews, and just recently (I have had both theS6 and FGX730 for five years) pulled the S6 out for another try just because I could not make myself believe it sounded worse thanmy used Yamaha; IT DID!Side by side I went through the chords on each guitar, and had to finally come to the conclusion that the Seagull had to go. I'd been looking a Taylors, but didn't want to spend that much money. 
Buying a guitar online saves money but leaves setup to the buyer. Yes this guitar has an oiled finish. Looking at the outside of the guitar and listening to it, though, you'd never know. Both the nut and saddle on my guitar needed lowering, and the truss rod required adjustment (a long-reach hex wrench is included). 
Well made and look and feel sturdy. They even had velcro (re-useable tape to hold them 2 each). Very happy with these cables. Why bother making your own cables when you can buy them already made this cheap?. 
Hands down. Don't hear any anomalies in the audio. I purchased these cables for my Behringer 802 mixer & MXL 770 mic and these cables are perfect! Finally get to have quality sounding tracks knowing I have the professional cables to back me up! The best XLR cables you can find. These cable are perfect!!  I've bought much more expensive cable that didn't have the quality of these. 
Hands down. Don't hear any anomalies in the audio. I purchased these cables for my Behringer 802 mixer & MXL 770 mic and these cables are perfect! Finally get to have quality sounding tracks knowing I have the professional cables to back me up! The best XLR cables you can find. These cable are perfect!!  I've bought much more expensive cable that didn't have the quality of these. 
Hands down. Don't hear any anomalies in the audio. I purchased these cables for my Behringer 802 mixer & MXL 770 mic and these cables are perfect! Finally get to have quality sounding tracks knowing I have the professional cables to back me up! The best XLR cables you can find. These cable are perfect!!  I've bought much more expensive cable that didn't have the quality of these. 
I had previously  bought a shorter cord that just didn't fit tight enough into the mic. Its the exact same thing as my &#34;Shure&#34; mic cable except the metal ends seem like they were made from a cheaper material. I had purchased this cord and a 25' cord for an assignment I was going on. I would recommend these cords and will look to purchase other lengths soon. 
I'm very happy when I got this gig bag. Very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well. I'm a new user, but seem to be a Great product!!!! Can't complaint!!! I finally got it and saw how great it is. I highly recomended this. 
Guitar bag fit over my Fender T Bucket guitar. You can't rely on this bag alone if you are going to toss the guitar around and you certainly can't stack anything on it but it will prevent dings and scratches from occasional bumps etc. If your guitar is priceless than you should upscale your gig bag, otherwise it's a good bag, especially at this price. Very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well. 
I'm a new user, but seem to be a Great product!!!! Can't complaint!!! I finally got it and saw how great it is. It has plenty of roomy pockets, great padding, and is put together with great quality. So far so good! I recommend it. Very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well. 
Very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well. It has plenty of roomy pockets, great padding, and is put together with great quality. I highly recomended this. Good quality and Thik cussion. 
I'm very happy when I got this gig bag. -this gig bag cannot fit full size guitar, OK?. You can't rely on this bag alone if you are going to toss the guitar around and you certainly can't stack anything on it but it will prevent dings and scratches from occasional bumps etc. ok when i saw the bag i was impressed nice looking and perfect style so i decided to buy it but the bag just arrive home "12/23/11" and is way different from the one on the picture is a black bag with one ugly red line on the middle and it looks like is not going to protect my guitar i am really upset, i would not returned because i don't feel like fighting with no body but they shouldn't do that to the costumer we pay how much they asking so a least we should get what we pay for. 
It won't completely transform your tone, but it will give your current tones a boost, make those solos really sing and those rhythm chords really crunch. It's actually a reissue of the pedals Ibanez made in the 1980's, though there's some debate over whether or not  the modern circuitry retains all of that original tone. Very well made and useable and effective tone controls unlike other pedals that I find only click in at the ends of the adjustments and the middle area is modest. (The BD-2 has a much hotter output and is more aggressive; the Tubescreamer is more subtle and works in the midrange while retaining your underlying clean tone and responding to picking style). 
I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. It's not better. (The BD-2 has a much hotter output and is more aggressive; the Tubescreamer is more subtle and works in the midrange while retaining your underlying clean tone and responding to picking style). What it DOES do, however, is to boost the signal at the front end, which essentially results in a more dynamic done with additional gain. 
we lost analog, we lost quality thanks tocompression and mp3, and now to put morecrap into our ears, they give you ONEfrequency. Very accurate and no coloration of tone that I can detect. And a trivial bonus. I hate coiled cords. 
Very accurate and no coloration of tone that I can detect. I play a lot of electric drums and these cans do a great job of isolating the outside world from what I hear inside the headphones. (semi-audiophile)A bit bass heavy but overall great headphones. I used my old headphones for listening to music and for tracking in my recording studio. 
And a trivial bonus. When I finally got mine, I opted for the anniversary edition as they were on sale, and I am seeing the regular athm50s right now for $119!! That's crazy cheap. I mix and master all my own music on these guys. Don't be like me and wonder what all the fuss is for years, just go ahead and get a pair. 
Very accurate and no coloration of tone that I can detect. I hate coiled cords. Unfortunately they are also not nearly as comfy as my Sennheisers. I've been using Sennheiser's for years and while I am very pleased with them I decided to try the ATH-M50Ss on a whim. 
The Tascam PSP520 AC Adapter/Power Supply For Mpgt1 is for and DOES work with the older Tascam DR-07 recorder. However, if I had paid more attention, this is nothing but a standard power supply which I could have gotten much cheaper from a radio shack or like type store without the Tascam name on it. If you want to use this to power up a Tascam DR series digital recorder, I have a less expensive solution for you:  if you own a usb wall charger (like a cell phone charger), you can use that to power your device through its usb port. I didn't run it without this power source, that seems too ghetto. 
It has worked great now for over a year at least. I am not one to spend a lot on batteries so this was a no brainer. Works just fine for the Tascam DP-008 I also bought through Amazon, and saves a lot of batteries. If you want to use this to power up a Tascam DR series digital recorder, I have a less expensive solution for you:  if you own a usb wall charger (like a cell phone charger), you can use that to power your device through its usb port. 
I am not one to spend a lot on batteries so this was a no brainer. It has worked great now for over a year at least. just make sure you get this when you get the tascam. What else can you say? It works. 
What else can you say? It works. It has worked great now for over a year at least. I am not one to spend a lot on batteries so this was a no brainer. Works just fine for the Tascam DP-008 I also bought through Amazon, and saves a lot of batteries. 
I didn't run it without this power source, that seems too ghetto. just make sure you get this when you get the tascam. However, if I had paid more attention, this is nothing but a standard power supply which I could have gotten much cheaper from a radio shack or like type store without the Tascam name on it. they should just jack the price to what it would be with this and viola! but what do I know. 
They are clean of any electrical noise and appear to be good quality. I think it's going through a cheap microphone I have, so It shouldn't be put through any conditioning. These are descent quality cables. i used a lot of time with my karaoke. 
Great price, I own many of these. Love the price, and they shipped quickly. It's not a monster cable, but considering its 1/5 of the price, I can't complain. It's a great cable for the price. 
It sounds good, and seems to be very durable. Haven't had any problems. I don't use it for any heavy use. I use it for podcasting purposes. 
It is a  nice cable for the money seams to be made well. Bought this to replace my 10 ft mice cable. Now i have plenty of cable to set up anyway i want. What can I say? It's a mic cable haha. 
So I can't speak to really heavy use of the product. I actually had two blow at one time, and thought my PA was shot. I don't use it for any heavy use. I use it for podcasting purposes. 
Haven't had any problems. These are nicely made and the one I bought is working well. I don't use it for any heavy use. cable works perfect no defects, cystal clear sound, constructed well, use them in the studio, no noticiable problems, do not know how road worthy they are because I am a studio rat and not performer. 
My rig consists of an Ibanez AS73, Schecter Devil Custom 2008, Line 6 HD500, and an AKG Perception 420 thru a Line 6 UX2. ***The Line 6 Spider Jam 75W is a full head & shoulders taller and better than the G-Dec. When it arrived I almost didn't realize what it was because it was so big! This thing does everything! You can set drums, record cords over it and then dub in to the already recorded track and solo over it! But what's even better is you can attach drums to it, a bass to it, a mic to it, and a guitar to it and have a killer jam session!It has more sounds then I had time to comb through at first glance and more features then I know what to do with!AMAZING AMPLIFIER!. I've had this Amp for 5 years and it still works and looks great. 
And with 24 minutes of looping time, that's just crazy for the price. Since I have only had the amp for a short time, I can't say anything about how it will holdup, but I have 8 other amps by different companies, and the quality is just fine. If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time, then the 4 isyour amp. I was simply blown away at the depth and available features on this amp. 
Only thing I wish it had was the ability to save a custom sounds. You can play along with a drum track, with a drum AND rythmn track, and you get hundreds of presets and about 100 to make your own. It has basically the same presets of the Jam without the looper or drum and rythmn tracks, and was much less money. The controls are much more intuitive than the G-Dec line (like hitting the level buttonto bring the drum beat volume down so I could hear my guitar over it), and I was able to immediatelybring up whatever backing tracks, or drum beats I wanted and the only time I had to lookin the manual was to figure out how to change the tempo which is very easy. 
The only criticisms I can muster are: 1) - The menu process is more difficult than the G-Dec but easy enough with hands-on experience. First I was fortunate enough to buy one for $300. Like another reviewer here, I too own a Fender G-Dec 30 (BTW: now going up for sale). I only mention these capabilities to compare with the Fender line. 
It's just possibly one of the best training and gigging tools for a guitarist out there. There are a lot of features on this amp, but you need to learn how to use them. I was simply blown away at the depth and available features on this amp. No contest, money-wise. 
The destortion works well enough. My only problem is that the volume just does not go low enough. I find that I like the sound of the overdrive better (especially thru my Epi LP) but just can't play it low enough. It's a great little practice amp that is plenty loud enough for a small room. 
My beloved Jasmine fits perfectly inside, has nice padding, tons of pockets to store stuff, backpack straps and handle for easy carrying, and it looks FAB! Love the price too. Ibanez EW20 body (not neck) dimensions: W 16", D 5", L 20". The straps on this Fender stay put - love it. I was at Guitar Center looking for the right gig bag for my recently purchased Ibanez EW20ASENT Acoustic Guitar, which is virtually identical to theIbanez EW20ZWENT Exotic Woods Series Zebrawood Acoustic Electric Cutaway Guitar, but everything they had in stock was a bit too small. 
Look no further these are great bags. This Fender bag received some great reviews, but I was apprehensive about having to return it if the dimensions weren't correct. The Fender's straps are great. I couldn't find ANY info on the web about the interior dimensions of this bag, so I took the leap. 
Another great quality of this bag is the insulation factor. Like I said, its a great gig bag. I was at Guitar Center looking for the right gig bag for my recently purchased Ibanez EW20ASENT Acoustic Guitar, which is virtually identical to theIbanez EW20ZWENT Exotic Woods Series Zebrawood Acoustic Electric Cutaway Guitar, but everything they had in stock was a bit too small. The Finder's padding is a bit better than my other bag also, but, of course, neither is as good as hard case. 
I can fit all of my &#34;stuff&#34; into the MANY pockets as well. I just got this and love it. The previous reviewer obviously got a defective case. There's plenty of room for a few books, an electronic tuner, string winder, strings, whatever. 
I would expect to pay a hundred bucks for this kind of quality but only spent 30 bucks. Most gig bags don't come with all these storage pockets. I really like the deluxe bags by fender. I can fit all of my &#34;stuff&#34; into the MANY pockets as well. 
I really like the deluxe bags by fender. Well padded and has enough carrying options. There's plenty of room for a few books, an electronic tuner, string winder, strings, whatever. I'm just starting to learn guitar so I didn't really know much about my options. 
It's got a fair amount of padding, and a nice storage array, but once again, I personally feel this bag is more suited for a 12 mile trip to practice or lessons. This is an excellent gig bag. I bought this bag mostly for practice sessions here and there, or across town. It's a decent build quality, but I wouldn't feel comfortable assigning it to gig duty. 
It has a lot of space, and it looks pretty good too. Little did I realize how good this one really is. A good buy. I'd recommend it to anyone!EDIT* I've had 3 good years with this bag, and it has still yet to rip on me. 
I run my guitar direct because I don't like amps or having to cart the things around. There's a lot of open space with nothing there, and while I can concede that tubes heat up and need space to dissipate heat, it's a bit overboard. Sadly, I tried revamping it with all new tubes, but though it gave me the drive I needed, it also raised the noise level tremendously. I also found using a compresser before it helps. 
Sounds decent but not nearly as good going into a solid state amp (no suprise there). This was my last resource before selling an amp I did not want to part with. Sadly, I tried revamping it with all new tubes, but though it gave me the drive I needed, it also raised the noise level tremendously. The Master and Gain knobs work exactly like a tube amp channel. 
Purchased for my Epiphone electric guitar. Nice styling touches, too. Nice bag. Fits either a Tele or Strat. 
I don't typically keep my guitars in their cases, but bags like this one come in handy for gigs, short trips, moves, etc. This bag is simple yet it's really thick so it makes you feel like your guitar is safe, I have seen many gig bags rip, tear or seen the straps rip off them but not with this baby, its sturdy and cool, with its design and pick designed zipper, I didn't expect to be that cool. Everything I would want in a gig bag! A quality bag for a quality instrument. Nice styling touches, too. 
I used it a few times. Because it did not pick up extraneous room noises, it made tuning my violin for the lesson so much faster and easier. Unfortunately the CM-100L is not nearly as durable: wires are thin, delicate and prone to breaking. And it works great: clip to the headstock and it isolates their guitar from the din and delivers a clean signal to the Seiko. 
But students are rough and can't stop themselves from tightly wrapping the wire around the tuner after they're finished (although I ask them not to). It works as well as most/all of the clip-on tuners you see on various guitars and ukuleles nowadays, but if you have one of the chromatic tuners that don't directly clip on (like the Intelli IMT series), then this will make it work 100x better (okay, slightly exaggerated) because the ambient noise is not picked up by the tuner's microphone. Not as good as the headstock tuner I purchased. Why? The cacophony of competing pitches befuddle both brains and tuning machines. 
That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go. If you buy the keyboard you're going to need the power adaptor. Thanks for reading. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. 
This AC adapter, in my opinion, should not even qualify to be reviewed since we all know it should be included with the product it is powering. My CP33 has this identical adapter which I tested on the other cheap keyboard before I bought it. The original adapter was bulky and heavy and that's what caused the wires inside to break. BTW, I am using this NOT on the CP series. 
When it is big and heavy, when you unplug it, sometimes the kids hold the cable instead of the adapter. That being said, it functions as it was intended to, which is to power a Yamaha PSRE333 61-key portable keyboard. It fits perfectly and stays put, all while transmitting electrical current from my home's 110v outlet into the aforementioned Yamaha keyboard. I bought this to replace another adapter that came with the Yamaha keyboard I bought at Costco long time ago. 
No problems. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. Be patient and get this one. I got this the week after Christmas and it works like it came with the keyboard. 
That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go. If you buy the keyboard you're going to need the power adaptor. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. That being said, it functions as it was intended to, which is to power a Yamaha PSRE333 61-key portable keyboard. 
BTW, I am using this NOT on the CP series. It's great. I bought this to replace another adapter that came with the Yamaha keyboard I bought at Costco long time ago. It works beautifully the moment I plugged it in. 
That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go. If you buy the keyboard you're going to need the power adaptor. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. That being said, it functions as it was intended to, which is to power a Yamaha PSRE333 61-key portable keyboard. 
No problems. That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. I have never understood why Yamaha keyboards don't come with a power supply? So, I found a suitable power supply for the instrument and works fine. 
Does what it says with no whining whatsoever, really quiet producing absolutely no audible hum. Plugged it in and it powered my Rode NT2 condenser mic. I was delighted. Very small footprint, too! Would I recommend it? Yes. 
Plugged it in and it powered my Rode NT2 condenser mic. This Nady box is dead quiet and works like a charm. I rate it five out of five stars. I was delighted. 
For the price you can't go wrong. I was delighted. Does what it says with no whining whatsoever, really quiet producing absolutely no audible hum. Plugged it in and it powered my Rode NT2 condenser mic. 
Ordered this and two cables! This came and it is so sleek and pretty and the xlr cables fit in it well but the button to turn on the phantom power is a little loose but other than that it is a wonderful little unit! I recommend!. Very small footprint, too! Would I recommend it? Yes. Plugged it in and it powered my Rode NT2 condenser mic. I'm glad I got this thing. 
Downside: I wish it had a little reverb to dial in or switch on to closer match my full size Vox amp and the controls are small/hard to read but easy to learn. It's not great but should work as a quiet practice amp. I however, am having a ball playing as loud as I want with as much or as little gain as I feel like at the moment with my Classic Rock Guitar Headphone Amp. My Rickenbacker 360 sounds just the way I want, with as much clarity or with all the &#34;smoke&#34; as I feel like dialing in for now. 
You do get a pop when you turn it on because there is no tube warm up time. I however, am having a ball playing as loud as I want with as much or as little gain as I feel like at the moment with my Classic Rock Guitar Headphone Amp. My Rickenbacker 360 sounds just the way I want, with as much clarity or with all the &#34;smoke&#34; as I feel like dialing in for now. Sound quality of AC30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings. 
Sound quality of AC30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings. You have to diddle with the gain and volume controls to get an almost realistic sound. I used AC30 for years, lost them, and decided to make a change and buy these. Strange how the gain has to be turned up along with the volume to hear anything. 
I've tried out a number of effects pedals for plugging into an actual guitar amplifier, and many pedal users are seeking what they call a "Marshall-in-a-box". Yet, with both my Les Paul and a Strat, I was able to set the Volume at around 6-8 and the gain at about level 2 and get a very nice clean tone without loss of volume. More importantly, the sound doesn't deteriorate with higher volumes. In other words, they want a effects pedal that will single-handedly transform whatever amp they have into the sound of a miniaturized stack of Marshalls. 
It was my backup amp for a QSC GX5. Great value for the Garage Band and recording to the computer for publishing on Web or using as a small GIG amp. Using Speakon Cables (Mono) to each Speaker to Speaker for easy mixing. Nice amp for the money but couldn't push a single Peavey SP218 Sub, so I moved this amp to push a pair of dual 15's, still had trouble getting the range that I needed, so I have this amp now as a back up and will probally use it for powering a single EV18 sub rated at 500 watts, it should handle it nicely bridged, I will keep you posted. 
As I've heard with the Pyle Pro amps, I received mine today, and it was defective. I am running 4 big speakers it is working fine not sure it it is 1400 watts but runs a pair of 750 peak super pro 15 inch speakers and a pair of 12 road gear subs so far I get a big punch aout of it. The packaging was very good though, so I'm  thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. Our second week and all is WELL! Nice and quiet. 
The packaging was very good though, so I'm  thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. I tough I had to buy two of this but one works fine. I am running a dj karaoke system. XLR to XLR from Mackie Mixer to PylePRO 1400 Watt amp. 
I am running 4 big speakers it is working fine not sure it it is 1400 watts but runs a pair of 750 peak super pro 15 inch speakers and a pair of 12 road gear subs so far I get a big punch aout of it. The packaging was very good though, so I'm  thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. As I've heard with the Pyle Pro amps, I received mine today, and it was defective. This amp did a good job for its rating. 
Our second week and all is WELL! Nice and quiet. I sold it after using it for about a year or so. I am running 4 big speakers it is working fine not sure it it is 1400 watts but runs a pair of 750 peak super pro 15 inch speakers and a pair of 12 road gear subs so far I get a big punch aout of it. I tough I had to buy two of this but one works fine. 
Even the guy at Guitar Center, when I called to find out what was going on, told me to go with Lute Hole. I never had a use for such an item before very recently, but, upon necessity, I found out that this item is bound to damage your guitar, even if it does fit. Not sure if there's no standard among guitar makers on the size of the sound hole and Planet Waves just did their best guess on a universal fit product. I had to buy from Lute Hole, who then customized a part for me. 
But on my Washburn it needs a little bit of convincing to get there. That little bit of info was missing from the info, although I should have known. Eliminates feedback as far as my experience is concerned. But then again, it was pretty cheap, and I may have a use for it some day. 
This is a good product which I've seen many people use. Not sure if there's no standard among guitar makers on the size of the sound hole and Planet Waves just did their best guess on a universal fit product. Eliminates feedback as far as my experience is concerned. But then again, it was pretty cheap, and I may have a use for it some day. 
I don't get a huge loss of tone, but a little bit. But on my Washburn it needs a little bit of convincing to get there. This blocks the tones entering my guitar via the soundhole. I will take that over having to worry about moving around and getting feedback like crazy!Highly recommend. 
Works well, easy to install and take out. This blocks the tones entering my guitar via the soundhole. I will take that over having to worry about moving around and getting feedback like crazy!Highly recommend. I don't get a huge loss of tone, but a little bit. 
Fits great and helps to eliminate feedback. Also great for just muffling the sound for playing around the house quietly. No more feedback or waking up the next room. Great at eliminating feedback in a live setting. 
This has solved it!It's important to you to know the diameter of your guitar's soundhole. Great at eliminating feedback in a live setting. Recommended. I am impressed how well this works. 
I am impressed how well this works. I could see some having problems with the size of their sound holes and it can be a tight fit but it definitely works. This has solved it!It's important to you to know the diameter of your guitar's soundhole. Lifesaver. 
This has solved it!It's important to you to know the diameter of your guitar's soundhole. I was always fighting against feedback during practices and live gigs. No more feedback or waking up the next room. No plastic smell either. 
Easy to use, very accurate and great visibility of tuning indicators. I changed this for a TC Electronic Polytune. Some tuners to not work well with this low of a frequency. This product is easy to use, without any noise at all. 
Some tuners to not work well with this low of a frequency. IMO you can't go wrong with this tuner, very pleased. This tuner did just fine with the low B on a 5 string bass. Easy to use, very accurate and great visibility of tuning indicators. 
This unit is the perfect solution for people whose amps do not have mute switches for tuning. I bought this tuner over the TC Electronic poly tune and I am very happy with my purchase. This is the one to get. I have two and would buy again if I needed another one. 
There are other smaller true-bypass tuners out there if space is an issue on your board. Easy to use, very accurate and great visibility of tuning indicators. I'm happy with this product. This product is easy to use, without any noise at all. 
It is very, very accurate and does not get confused under normal conditions. It has a nice feel to it, though it could be easier to bump if it's in a high traffic area. It will take a 9 volt output from my power supply and I can then piggyback to another pedal, which is great. This tuner works great. 
This is a great tuner at a reasonable price. The tuner displays the note you are closest to, and the colors guide you to the perfect pitch, marked by the green light in the middle (almost like an airplane landing guide). When you step on the pedal, the tuner is on and the guitar signal is off. It has a nice feel to it, though it could be easier to bump if it's in a high traffic area. 
No other choice on the market IMHO. this tuner is awesome and accurate, very noticeable and what else can i say, for the price, best deal ever. This product is easy to use, without any noise at all. I use to tune with an antique Korg. 
i wouldn't take it on a tour or anything, it is plastic. it is plastic. The high impact plastic housing should hold up well as long as it is not abused. I have seen several speak ill of it, but I'm not sure they took sufficient time to learn how to use the pedal. 
Haven't got to far into this thing yet but I do like it. However, it is handy for short solos. When using both outputs, it is possible to feed the original signal into a guitar amp and the lower octave signal into a bass amp. It is sufficiently quiet in all modes and it does not seem to color the sound in the bypass mode. 
The Behringer US600 is well-made. The other effects are icing on the cake. I was pleasantly surprised by some of the other effects. it is plastic. 
the harmonizing function can be buggy at times. And on fourth day in addition to the tracking problem, hitting certain notes caused a low pitch fluttering noise. i wouldn't take it on a tour or anything, it is plastic. I would have given the Behringer us600 five stars if it kept working, it tracked nice and didn't tone suck too bad. 
But after playing with the controls a bit and appreciating the pure quality of the tone it produces, it quickly won me over. It is very easy on the ears in both clean and distorted settings, and it adds exponentially to your tone. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. Rhythmic "U2" delays are usually around 350-450 ms. 
It is very easy on the ears in both clean and distorted settings, and it adds exponentially to your tone. this pedal worked well, but I sent it back because thru my marshall itgenerated a lot more line noise than I like, other than that it was cool!!!!. I owned a Boss DD-3 for many years and I have tried various other brands, but this little beauty takes the cake. MXR is by far better then Boss IMHO and I do love my DD3. 
I am actually sure this will exceed all your expectations. This is super warm and can get very trippy. This delay device is (on my humble opinion) probably the best delay out there. 600 milliseconds really is more than enough and I have a highend tape type unit that is something like 2. 
The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. I recognized a notable difference when I unhooked my DD-3 and plugged in the Carbon Copy. This is a great effect. The Carbon Copy is the best there is!. 
This pedal is intended to just color your tone a little bit and it does so in a spectacular way. You can get all the great delays out of this one pedal. I own alot of MXR pedals and this one is one of my favorites. Amazon is great to deal with. 
If Your buying this Reverb Machine then You must be wanting It for Its Ducking also called Shimmer and Space verb If Not then there are cheaper Reverbs as Danelectro as FAB Echo which Is a nice Sounding older type slap reverbs Sound and there Is the more expensive Line 6 Verbzilla, and Someone wrote Me and said Boss has or did have this effect there are Internet videos showing this effect. so for that many kind of modes, barely useful. Fancy knobs, and additional stuffs like thick rubberized knobs cover, velcro, glow in the dark sticker. Some things are great values, others are cheap. 
Also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). Nice addition for the price. The clip that holds the 9V broke after the first change. My Digitech GSP 2101 quit working right It has Ducking Shimmer which Digitech calls String Swell which Is a Violin type Sound and They call Space verb Giga verb and I made the mistake of buying the Behringer Slow Motion 200 thinking String or Volume Swell was Shimmer then If found what I was looking for on Internet video I hope. 
Also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). Nice addition for the price. The clip that holds the 9V broke after the first change. My Digitech GSP 2101 quit working right It has Ducking Shimmer which Digitech calls String Swell which Is a Violin type Sound and They call Space verb Giga verb and I made the mistake of buying the Behringer Slow Motion 200 thinking String or Volume Swell was Shimmer then If found what I was looking for on Internet video I hope. 
Some people pick on Behreinger because they're stuff is (still) cheap. Also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). Some things are great values, others are cheap. Uses a 9V battery or power supply. 
IF you get stuck using batteries, plan on 3-4 hours worth of use. I admit that two of their pedals (of the 10 that I have bought) underwhelmed me. Like noisier than my Dyna Comp and OD pedals combined. The clip that holds the 9V broke after the first change. 
Cons:*The blue led is VERY bright, as on all Behringer pedals; I just cover it up with a sticker, and it still shows through. I haven't really been able to use it effectively, so I just leave trails off. Nice addition for the price. It work very well. 
Maybe it is built better? But thats yet to be seen. In the end, I switched the Tung Sol with a Ruby AC7 which was formerly in the V2 (overdrive) position, and that got me better articulation with less fizz. Maybe NOS is the way to go with the preamp tubes? Time will tell. Not sure how to rate this tube? Replaced a Chinese preamp tube in my Champion 600 and couldnt tell any difference in tone. 
Night and Day difference. Tone is subjective. I'll never buy this brand again. Not harsh, adds harmonics. 
Placed one in a Fender Blues Junior. Tone is subjective. Issues not only continued but worsened. Type of pickups in your guitar will also cause a different outcome. 
For high gain metal, however, I found that it's a bit too hairy. For comparison, a Sovtek has less of this "hair" and is tighter sounding but also has more of an upper mid-range fizz which can get annoying. For instance, as V1 position in my preamp, it had a little too much trebly sizzle versus other tubes. Hum, noise, volume fade, unwanted distortion at low volumes. 
I did put a EH6V6 in with the Chinese preamp tube and did notice an improvement but the EH6V6 only lasted five minutes and shorted out. Very lush sounding. Not sure how to rate this tube? Replaced a Chinese preamp tube in my Champion 600 and couldnt tell any difference in tone. Maybe NOS is the way to go with the preamp tubes? Time will tell. 
If your looking to push a power tube into distortion this little bugger will definately do the trick. I have little experience with tube voodoo. Issues not only continued but worsened. So all I can say is that it is working well for me. 
This is a great basic mic stand for live and studio use, although I don't suggest using this and playing guitar. Great for a lead singer or micing drums and acoutuc instruments. Much less likely to catch your feet on as you move around. it does not come with a mic clip, so you'll need to get one. 
Built to last and great price as well. They look good and the paint lasts- great for a performance space. Always works. Adjusts easy. 
The black mike stand blends in to the background better than silver. NO problems with the seller the product came quickly and everything was in great condition. This stand really stands up to the wear and tear of use. Great for a lead singer or micing drums and acoutuc instruments. 
But really, you should just pass entirely on either the triple hang or the double hang. A good value if you have lots of stuff you need to hang on it. This is definitely a case of one gets what one pays for. They don't touch the floor. 
Stringed instruments are best hung vertically, which this stand accomplishes beautifully. For Les Paul and Strat type axes, their rounded lower bout curvatures make them prone to slipping on the narrow, stick like feet of the stand, especially when they are new. I pushed the stand and. For me this stand is very well built, not hard to assemble pretty much a no brainer and a great price. 
Is super stable, I tried it out with: 2 Strats and a electro acoustic, then removed one  Strat and placed another acoustic (a 12 string this time). There are safety straps that hold my 3 acoustic guitars (Fender, Ibanez and my anybody's guess antique)in place without any difficulty, so I don't have to worry about knocking them off or over. I got mine and I gave it a try, here are the conclusions:1. Constructed of very durable material making this a wise investment. 
You can set the height, always considering that your guitars don't reach the floor. Totally recommended!. They don't touch the floor. There are safety straps that hold my 3 acoustic guitars (Fender, Ibanez and my anybody's guess antique)in place without any difficulty, so I don't have to worry about knocking them off or over. 
I really liked how elevating my little amp helped improve it's sound and decided I had to have one. Thank You. I bought two. I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. 
I would recommend this product to anyone with an amplifier 75lbs or less. Although I never gigged with it I think this would be great for any musician who gigs with a 2x12 or a 2x10 combo amp. Excellent, fine manufacturing, good finish. I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. 
A bit heavy and doesn't fold up to be very compact but its not like there are any better options out there so. Excellent, fine manufacturing, good finish. It's perfect for what it does and that is to hold your amp and tilt it a bit toward the ceiling. Would love an aluminum one that could fold up real compact but. 
" I am using at the lowest height and it is stable, but I highly recommend a heavy sandbag on the back if any other height setting is used. It's perfect for what it does and that is to hold your amp and tilt it a bit toward the ceiling. I give four stars for great value at $20, will suit my needs very well. Although, I have a pedal board with 8 effect pedals, there are additional effects on my amplifier. 
I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. Easy to assemble and feels very solid. Nice little amp stand. I don't think I would recommend it for larger amplifiers, especially since it sits a little high, but for my amp, it's perfect. 
I used this with various fender and line 6 amps and it worked great for amplifying the sound. Although I never gigged with it I think this would be great for any musician who gigs with a 2x12 or a 2x10 combo amp. Perfect for my Line 6, 75 wt. I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. 
I was a little unsure when I was unpacking this stand as the actual rack swings side to side. I use this stand to put my acoustic guitar on it. This guitar stand was very inexpensive and very easy to assemble. My guitar, just Love it! This stand is exactly what I hoped it would be. 
I use this stand to put my acoustic guitar on it. It is a guitar stand. It is all I want or need from a stand. A day doesn't go by where the stand is not in use. 
it is stury and strong and light wieght all at the same time. This is our second one as we both have guitars. This stand is built much better. This stand is made of quality products. 
I actually own an even dozen of these. , when playing), I just replaced these today with Swing String Wall Hangers. Quality materials. Looks really nice when you have an electric or acoustic on the stand. 
This is a rock solid throne that has a wide adjustment range for height and a workable range for the backrest. However. This seat works great for me and folds up and can be disassembled with very little fuss. Firstly let me address the &#34;adjustable backrest&#34;. 
In this way however it's actually really nice because I can use the footrest or not at will and I can also stand up, walk around and then sit back down at will. but be aware that the seat will not swivel, so the front bar across the bottom can interfere with pedals and your snare drum stand - unless you move it back a bit. I am referring to lateral motion and not a tilt angle. For the position I use in this chair it is necessary to use the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest. 
I don't need to worry about batteries any more. This product has a simple function but if you need a 9V adapter, this is the one to get. This is what these things should cost and this is how they should work. Works as expected for 1 to 1 pedal power. 
I may order more to use with some of my older pedals not on my board. could use a longer  cable  but it does work as it was suggested, and would purchase again if I needed to. Proof of this lies in the Boss unit I have owned for 20 years. This is a good working dependable power adapter and works flawlessly with my tc electronic guitar ditto looper. 
Can't ask much more than that from it. Proof of this lies in the Boss unit I have owned for 20 years. I gave it a 5-star rating because the price is fair, the product is well made and works, and it was shipped well within the promised time. you will want this to save your battery's when there is no power around not much more to say good luck. 
No complaints with this. I have not had this long enough to know if it will, but so far so good. I got this for my Line6 Pocket Pod. works well with every pedal i tried so far. 
Some of my guitar effects require at least 320 milliamps, which this adapter handles with no problems. I would definitely recommend it to a friend. I bought this adapter to power several devices by different manufacturers. could use a longer  cable  but it does work as it was suggested, and would purchase again if I needed to. 
works well with every pedal i tried so far. This is what these things should cost and this is how they should work. This is a good working dependable power adapter and works flawlessly with my tc electronic guitar ditto looper. 00 for a Line 6 A/C adapter for my Pocket POD, I decided to give this one a try out, and I'm glad I did! It's well made, works great, and saved me quite a bit of coin in the process. 
Works as expected for 1 to 1 pedal power. It was the easiest one on my wallet here on Amazon. I will be trying this out in a chain of effects (as the single power supply) so I will report back if it cannot do that. I bought this ac adapter for my electro harmonix od glove pedal, this ac adapter works in many pedals, a great option, buy one. 
00 for a Line 6 A/C adapter for my Pocket POD, I decided to give this one a try out, and I'm glad I did! It's well made, works great, and saved me quite a bit of coin in the process. I use it for my distortion box as a lot of people are as well. If you're looking for a 9v power supply with negative tip for your effects box, this is great. I have 20-25 of these dang things layin around cause I never throw them out. 
I use them on a PRS SE 245 and I did not need to do any additional drilling. That would make it easier to grab and use. I had to tighten it after every other use and let me tell you, not a little loose, but a lot loose. Compared to other brands, I find them easier to use and that is great after a couple of beers. 
My home practice area is in a rather dark corner with limited room, and I have this clipped onto my music stand. The clamp slid around a bit on my music stand. Thanks for good quality products at a fair price. serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. 
I bought this for my hercules fold up stand and it works great. It runs fine on batteries also. Will but another one if any of them die, great product. These are great,  have 3 of them now. 
It's simple, well made and works great. The plug-in accessory is great, and my pedal board has an outlet. This is a fairly compact &#34;must have&#34; accessory when working in pit or dim light situations. I bought this for my hercules fold up stand and it works great. 
Also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. It will clip on anything you want to hold it. Super, Excellent for dimly lighted rooms. serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. 
I love the dual bulb design. serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. Thanks for good quality products at a fair price. It will simultaneously illuminate the verso and recto of even the largest books. 
Also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. Thanks for good quality products at a fair price. Illuminates the music far better than the previous ones I had used, including one that used a full sized bulb (rather too much light and not very portable). 
It's simple, well made and works great. The plug-in accessory is great, and my pedal board has an outlet. This is a fairly compact &#34;must have&#34; accessory when working in pit or dim light situations. I bought this for my hercules fold up stand and it works great. 
Remember to buy a solid desk (or floor) stand for the microphone, as well as a shock mount and a pop filter. Paired up with a nice pop filter, this mic is able to produce some amazing vocal recordings. You'd be surprised to find out how many famous youtube musicians or podcast creators use this mic. I expected this to be a good mic but it's amazing how much different the quality is over your standard desk mic. 
You'd be surprised to find out how many famous youtube musicians or podcast creators use this mic. I only use this microphone for podcasting. Yes, it's a tripod stand, but I can't imagine actually being in a spot where I'd rather use that then the On-Stage desktop mic stand. The simplicity of this mic is very nice. 
works great, small and easy to place to the side and out of the way, simple setup, plug it in, change the preference settings and it works. I bought this microphone for youtube/podcasting and it does a REALLY perfect job. It seems like it will tip over if you breathe on it the wrong way. The quality is great for me. 
I use this microphone mainly to record music. Can't recommend it enough. I think the best way to describe this microphone is that it is &#34;above average&#34; but does not outperform any higher-end non-USB microphones that I have played with in the past. Occasionally I use it for voice chat where it supposedly excels in quality compared to desktop USB microphones. 
The only complaint I have is that there is no 'On/Off' switch. Nothing to install or hoops to jump through, just works great. The only way to turn it off is to unplug it. The simplicity of this mic is very nice. 
Other than that I totally recommend this Microphone!. Nothing to install or hoops to jump through, just works great. I just hooked it up to my PC (Windows 7) and it worked no hassle whatsoever. Nothing to load and I was singing right out of the box. 
Great Product at a excellent price. Product came with simple clear to read instructions with pictures, if you follow the instructions your strand will work perfect. Made in the USA to boot! These may not be the cheapest but they are worth every penny!. Shipped fast, sounds great and the price was way better than a lot of other places that i know of. 
I play while I'm playing Crazy 8's with my son. And it sounds. I tried another mini-amps but all sounds like toys. It is beautiful. 
I was surprised at the sound that this amp produces. The over drive gives a good sound but I like to run pedals through it anyway. Surprisingly loud really, it's amazing that much sound comes out of that thing. Of course it's size and trademark Orange color make it look like a toy, it's definitely a capable little amp. 
Then a volume knob a tone knob and that's it. Tuner is right on, overdrive seems fine. This is totally different, it's the real thing. I'm not an overdrive player. 
Definitely a keeper!. Lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work). And it sounds. Most of the time I have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. 
What more can you ask for out of a drink holder? No more wasted beers getting kicked over during sets for this guy (at least not unintentionally). My musician friends notice, and wish they had one. Mounting it to the stand took all of 30 seconds and if feels sturdy as can be. What can you say about a simple device that does exactly what it supposed to do. 
I imagine it would hold beer too. This cup holder does the trick. There's not much to say about this product other than it can hold up a beer or water bottle really darn well. This cup holder clamps on easily and really holds your drink so you dont have to worry about it. 
Now it's right where I can find it everytime. This is an absolute must-have item for any gigging drummer! Holds your drink, just like it says it will. What can you say about a simple device that does exactly what it supposed to do. This cup holder clamps on easily and really holds your drink so you dont have to worry about it. 
This is an absolute must-have item for any gigging drummer! Holds your drink, just like it says it will. As a flute player, I whet my whistle so to speak a few times during a performance, and this keeps my water bottle near by. This cup holder clamps on easily and really holds your drink so you dont have to worry about it. You dont really notice the name on both sides at gigs, just a cold beer in front of you thats always in the same place! I love it. 
Amazingly it still works perfectly but was not well suited for butterfingered students. A lock button or some other safety would be a smart design upgrade. The built-in mic works fine in a quiet room but is useless in a classroom full of guitars (as are all built-in tuner mics). Let me start of by saying this tuner is great. 
I teach class guitar in a community college and bought the SAT800 to loan to students during class. Beyond that, it simply does what good electronic tuners do, accurately and without fanfare. It stays put on the floor when I run it inline between my guitar/bass/uke and my amp and its LCD display is large enough to be legible when I'm standing. Over the years, I've literally owned dozens of electronic tuners. 
This is my first guitar tuner, I don't have expiriance to determine: do this tuner is better then other tuners. Let me start of by saying this tuner is great. What made me get a new tuner is how finicky the CA-40 when using the build-in mic. My previous tuner was a Korg CA-40 and frankly, that tuner is terrible. 
Amazingly it still works perfectly but was not well suited for butterfingered students. I teach class guitar in a community college and bought the SAT800 to loan to students during class. I selected it for the rubber bumpers and beefy build, expecting anything in this day and age to nail pitch quickly and accurately. Bravo. 
Yes, it is accurate but so are many of the tuners out there that do not have such a poor usability. Let me start of by saying this tuner is great. What this tuner has: accuracy, usability, durability, versatility. What made me get a new tuner is how finicky the CA-40 when using the build-in mic. 
It stays put on the floor when I run it inline between my guitar/bass/uke and my amp and its LCD display is large enough to be legible when I'm standing. Bravo. Another issue with the CA-40 is the poor screen. Yes, it is accurate but so are many of the tuners out there that do not have such a poor usability. 
I would highly recommend. Price isnt too bad but this item should come with the amp IMO. Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. Now the X2 is my main amp. 
Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. Unfortunately it was the Wong switch. This switch can withstand some heavy, quick switch, action. I KEPT the switch because of the quality. 
Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. Works great with my Fender Super Champ X2 amplifier. I bought this to go with my Super Champ X2 combo. Works great with my Fender Super Camp X2. 
Easy connection, easy activation of switches, immediate response. Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. I was not happy the Super Champ X2 didn't come with it. Works great with my Fender Super Camp X2. 
It works. Rubber, no skid, bottom is a plus. It also came with a cord. Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. 
Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. Works great with my Fender Super Camp X2. I would highly recommend. Works great with my Fender Super Champ X2 amplifier. 
Both my Hot Rod Deluxe and Blues DeVille came with foot switches. The switches are rock solid. Easy connection, easy activation of switches, immediate response. I really like the foot-switch. 
Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. Great product. Price isnt too bad but this item should come with the amp IMO. You need this to get the most out of your Super-Champ XD amp. 
It works. It also came with a cord. Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. However, it does not come with a cable. 
I wont be making an upgrade any time soon but the sound and build quality is reasonable for the price and for the few songs I use if for it will serve me fine. My first uke so I cannot compare, but it sounds great. It has a great sound, appears to be good quality and well made, all for a very reasonable price. There seems to be a trend in using a Ukulele in modern music these days. 
This one proved that you don't have to spend big bucks for a nice instrument. My first uke so I cannot compare, but it sounds great. Great ukulele! Very light which is nice. If your a beginner and am looking for good quality without spending a lot, this is a nice instrument. 
It may not be a 5-star intrument- but it's a 5-star value. If you're thinking about trying ukulele, but you're not sure you want to buy an expensive instrument right away, I would strongly recommend an LU-21. If your a beginner and am looking for good quality without spending a lot, this is a nice instrument. Result? This is a surprisingly good instrument for less than fifty bucks. 
This is improving, and I'm trusting the reviews here that say it goes out of tune "at first". At first it didn't seem to stay in tune for more than a day, I decided that it was likely due to new strings as it seemed to improve after a few months. [note:  Two days later, after about 8 hours of playing the instrument is staying in tune better and better; I expect the problem to correct itself as the string get stretched]The little 5-page booklet has basic chords and songs--  Row Row Row Your Boat, Are You Sleeping, He's Got the Whole World in His Hands, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Amazing Grace, and When Irish Eyes are Smiling. It's only about 19" long (approximately) with nylon strings, but it really puts out a strong volume and really nice tone. 
I play a few stringed instruments, and ukulele isn't one of them. It may not be a 5-star intrument- but it's a 5-star value. I wanted a playable instrument, and I didn't feel like spending a lot of money. This one is pretty decent, especially at the price point. 
If you are looking for an inexpensive, but not cheaply made, pedal that will work with just about any keyboard this one is worth considering. There is positive resistance as you depress the pedal and the spring tensions it in such a manner that you can control exactly the rate of depression or release. this pedal works great and make my keyboard sound great. Received the unit, plugged it into my Alesis Q25, tested it in Logic Pro X and it works fine. 
I don't hesitate to drop it in my gig bag, knowing it will be ready to rock and roll at the next show. It's well constructed and I have not encountered any issues with the two-piece bottom. Received the unit, plugged it into my Alesis Q25, tested it in Logic Pro X and it works fine. I am sold on it and would replace it with an identical pedal if something happens to this one. 
This pedal was purchased to replace an OEM pedal for my synthesizer, it works as expected and has proven to be durable. this pedal works great and make my keyboard sound great. The pedal itself is solid, nothing more to say, happy with purchase. I ordered this pedal for my casio keyboard and it works great. 
No ambient noise or clicks, as some have suggested. I love it. I have used this pedal on both myRoland RD-300NX Digital Pianoand myRoland V-Combo VR-700and it's one hundred percent compatible with both. If anything this pedal is as good as new. 
It's as easy as, you plug it in and/or flip a switch for the desired effect, and voila it works. I don't hesitate to drop it in my gig bag, knowing it will be ready to rock and roll at the next show. Thank you On-Stage. No ambient noise or clicks, as some have suggested. 
Just buy the product and get on with happy music making. this pedal works great and make my keyboard sound great. Received the unit, plugged it into my Alesis Q25, tested it in Logic Pro X and it works fine. It works great. 
Thankfully I will never have to move it around much on my desk. My only issue is that the device would be better if they made it with a more durable plastic. For those thinking of using it in field recording- stick it inside a carrying bag, and tape the cable to it to prevent stressing the USB connector. It does seem like it can break easily. 
Still, it's an OK product. Overall, I can not recommend this product at the current price it's sold at. It does seem like it can break easily. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. 
Its super simple to use and has a dial for the gain. This transfers my XLR mic to my USB laptop. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. It's not bulky which is a nice. 
15 to 20 dollars, then sure. All in all, it works and I am pleased. This transfers my XLR mic to my USB laptop. You shouldn't have any problems. 
This transfers my XLR mic to my USB laptop. Just wanted a simple device that could fit in my backpack to interface with my laptop for impromptu interviews and music recordings. Best invention ever!! Also portable. This saved med at least $40 instead of getting a traditional pre-amp. 
it is lined and has a pouch for song books. I will just say that in my opinion, if you are looking for something to take your Taylor to a gig in, you are better served with an SKB. For travel, you would need better, but for most uses, this is a good choice. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that. 
I will just say that in my opinion, if you are looking for something to take your Taylor to a gig in, you are better served with an SKB. ONe of my students has one of those Esteban infomercial guitars, which is pretty low quality (but not terrible and not unplayable), and the gig bag for that instrument has no padding whatsoever. I only give 3 stars because for a little more money it's possible to get something which I feel is noticably better. Now, let's be clear - this is easily worth $16, but it is a very bare-bones gig bag. 
It fits my Jasmine ES31C Dreadnought Acoustic-Electric Guitar just fine. 5&#8221; x 11&#8221;paper back guitar book in the zipper compartment. It is a nice acoustic guitar bag for an inexpensive guitar considering the price. You can&#8217;t fit a full sheet of paper or an 8. 
There are much more well padded soft and hard cases available but they take up a lot more room around the house when not in use. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that. I only rated it at 3 stars for the lack of padding. If you want something to protect your guitar from bumps and bangs get a more expensive gig bag with more padding or spend the cash on a good hard case. 
For travel, you would need better, but for most uses, this is a good choice. I only rated it at 3 stars for the lack of padding. All in all, great value for a good item. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that. 
A nice guitar, but not one that i would cry about if it got a scratch or two. 5&#8221; x 11&#8221;paper back guitar book in the zipper compartment. It is a nice acoustic guitar bag for an inexpensive guitar considering the price. In a sense, the case should mirror the guitar it will hold. 
A nice guitar, but not one that i would cry about if it got a scratch or two. You can&#8217;t fit a full sheet of paper or an 8. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that. 5&#8221; x 11&#8221;paper back guitar book in the zipper compartment. 
It fits my Jasmine ES31C Dreadnought Acoustic-Electric Guitar just fine. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that. 5&#8221; x 11&#8221;paper back guitar book in the zipper compartment. You really can't beat it for the price. 
but anyways the case has some compartments inside that can fit like tuners and accessories which comes in handy. It fits exactly like an original fender hard case. Looks like made of good materials. With interior pocket to put your accesories like capo, string winder, etc. 
holds my seagal s6 very well. the padding is done very well. Very well built. I bought this for my Takamine EGSF15SC acoustic/electric guitar and it fits snugly and does the job very well. 
great case, didn't really notice a smell that everyone was complaining about. holds my seagal s6 very well. great guitar by the way for the price. I am very happy with the low price I got, and am very pleased with the overall quality of this case. 
if you can drill into wood with a 5/8 wood drill bit then these are for you, I bought mine for an amp 1/4 stack and now when I record I can simple roll the head and Cabinet into the small room and record. Very solid. Quality of these casters is what you would expect if you own any Ernie Ball products,great, very easy to install they hold tight in their sockets and roll smoothly on hard surfaces, not intended to be used on turf on loose surfaces. Sadly one of the holes wasnt drilled quite straight making one caster a bit crooked so the amp veers to the right when I push it like a car missing a wheel. 
Very solid. I have them on several bass cabinets, they also remove easily for stationary cabinet use. you get 4 in the package with 4 wheels and 4 retainers thats 5/8&#34; thick that goes into the wood of a cabinet. I bought two sets of these for two of my Fender 4x10 bass cabinets. 
another brilliant stroke. I returned the SKB PS-45 and got the PT-2 as a replacement. but it won't hurt your back. I love it!. 
I love it!. The duffel bag that it comes with has lots of padding and pockets and is pretty durable. Flexibility. Reliability. 
Simple & light. Sometime I use a phaser or a tremolo. I leave the choice of that to you the reader. I have room for one maybe two more. 
So I ended up returning it the next day. I bought this for a practice amp for my bass guitar. Other then that it is all rock. Again, this review is strictly on the aspect of a bass guitar, not regular guitar. 
Good value. I cranked it up quite loud and it produces clean sound without terrible distortion. I got it for my son to toy around with. This Fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. 
This thing sounds like CRAP with anything distortion. For the money, this thing sounds just fine. With distortion, it sounds great. He barely ever uses it, but the times it's been plugged in, it puts out pretty good sound for the price. 
With distortion, it sounds great. For the money, this thing sounds just fine. Good for my small space though. I got it for my son to toy around with. 
After a bit of searching online to see if a guitar amp would work for practice situations, I thought I would give it a try because some people say yes, others said no. Physically it is built strong too. This Fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. Other then that it is all rock. 
Too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop. My advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business. 
I needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my Notebook (which doesn't have a MIDI input) but I gave up in the end and went with my desktop PC and its MIDI interface. I tried it with a variety of MIDI capable gear including trying to update firmware on FX hardware, sending and receiving MIDI PC and MIDI CC, as well as transmitting MIDI Clock in and out. Also with my Win7 x64 machine. I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. 
I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. Even when detected by the software, it will not work with Line 6 equipment. My advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications. Too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop. 
This works in some applications, but doesn't work in many others. I bought one of these a couple of years ago. So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. Even when detected by the software, it will not work with Line 6 equipment. 
It has performed better than I had expected. I shall probably order more from this company in the future. This was so much less expensive than a lot of other ones but it works just fine. I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. 
I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. It recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer. Cheap, works great for playing and foot controllers. Will not handle bulk dumps, so I have to use a different interface for programming and backups. 
its working great, but it does not work in stereo. It works great for that. This audio adapter works perfectly. Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio. 
Haven't used it for anything else, though, so cant comment there. This audio adapter works perfectly. Seems sturdy and well made as well. I'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers. 
It is a mono adapter, the stereo adapters are a little more expensive. This product has a mono-microphone input and a stereo headphone output. This product is great for using a soft-phone or other communications program. Since the headset has a mono-microphone, this adapter works great. 
I'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers. 5mm headphone jack into my pc. its working great, but it does not work in stereo. It has a yellow LED light that is solid when plugged into an usb port and blinks when there is a device that is connected to it through a 3. 
I used this to create a custom sound card on my macbook pro when using Traktor Scratch Pro. Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio. It has a yellow LED light that is solid when plugged into an usb port and blinks when there is a device that is connected to it through a 3. Did not end up doing what I needed with it, which was to be able to preview (there is a new toy on the market for that now) but it was good for adding additional channels to my limited macbook pro sound card. 
It works great for that. This audio adapter works perfectly. Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio. My only complaint is that even with the sound all the way down to 1, it is still fairly loud and I end up turning down the volume in whatever app I'm using. 
These cables are really the best. Very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, I'll use these again and again. wouldnt use these regularly for gigging wear and tear would break them down pretty quickly. for that purpose these are made well. 
Well made, sturdy, and adequate for use on a pedal board or just to connect various pedals via the traditional way. for connecting pedals in tandem, got two of these three packs been using them for quite some time and not one has failed yet. I found that these were OK but the heads were bigger than I could stand to use on my cramped for space pedal board. So, they sit in a drawer as spare parts for other cables. 
I was able to weave it in and out of the Pedaltrain Pro no problem. These help remove a lot of the clutter from the pedal board. Just what I'd expect from the company. I'm using these cables to string effects pedals together; I've had no issues with them so far. 
The best part is the price. They are a wonderful product! The lighter the strings on your acoustic the less taxing to the neck of your guitar, with these you can't go wrong. They either sound good or they don't to you and you are the one that matters. They sound clean and crisp. 
The sound is great and is easy on the fingers. They sound clean and crisp. I've been buying these strings for a while now. especially good for beginners. 
I use rechargeable Duracell AA batteries and I have never had any issues. Easy to use interface and very well constructed. I highly recommend purchasing a "furry head" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use. I mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 
for such a little thing. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. Battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording. I highly recommend purchasing a "furry head" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use. 
No one records 11 hours straight, so I'm guessing that turning it on and off wears the batts down sooner. I highly recommend purchasing one. I searched the internet and was able to find several Zoom certified service centers within my general area. If it is not working for your situation one can always use a TRS Hi Z unbalanced to XLR Low Z balanced converter, available at Radio Shack for around 20 bucks. 
Unlike the H1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the H4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. I highly recommend purchasing one. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. No one records 11 hours straight, so I'm guessing that turning it on and off wears the batts down sooner. 
I play in a really LOUD metal band. Yes!!!! finally. I havent even tried the multi channel mode yet!!!thanks ZOOM. But we needed a tool to catch band practices and of course remember "that riff" for the next rehearsal. 
I mostly use it to record live band rehearsals, and it's pretty amazing at that. The H4N will also let you record using two attached microphones and the internal microphones at the same time as well, which could be useful if you're looking to capture some background noise if you are recording something on location or say to mix the crowd reaction to a soundboard feed. I usually do a two person podcast where I am in one location and the other person is brought in via Skype. It's the combination of these that lets me record the podcast onto the 4 separate tracks. 
g a Tascam PocketStudio)The manual is a farse in Japanese /English translation and any person that does not have experience with recording devices like this might really struggle to learn how to use this unit (although it's fairly intuitive to operate if one is familiar with such devices - I gave up on the manual and just dug around in the menus, but the unit is still a little 'fiddly' to operate in advanced modes. However, overall the unit is stellar and I highly recommend it. If not for that, I'd have rated 4 stars. However, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. 
72 patches in all. With a somewhat massive pedal board filled with individual Boss pedals which is often too large for some of the venues my band gigs at & definitely too large for our practice studio (and a bit too heavy to lug around). I recommend getting a BOSS GT-10 and then install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. The Boss ME-70 is not as nice as the BOSS GT-10 and will not let you install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. 
COSM- With the amp simulation & Pre-Amp portion I don't need to carry an amplifier any longer because this unit has the ability to clone my coveted tube amp collection with the twist of a knob. I could never get the levels right. this unit combines everything I need & then some in a single unit with the ability of individual tweaking. Like always, Boss products are just amazing. 
I was stumped. I guess if anything, that's been the downside to this purchase. KINKS IN MY SYSTEM: MUFFLED AUDIOThe included software: Cakewalk's Music Creator LE can be installed on one computer. Please refer to my review of" Cakewalk Music Creator 6" here on amazon. 
But how does it perform?I have two microphones I use for recording at my computer: A Blue Yeti USB electret mic, and a Sampson SAMTR101A. The mic does exactly what I wanted it to do. To sum it up, this mic is cheap, easy to use, portable and with fidelity that will surprise you but don't expect it to be a full home recording studio :). The mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. 
It's simple, easy to use and has outstanding quality of sound. No luck. The two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. 0 connection on my powered USB hub. 
Although the Snowflake doesn't use a spring clip, it suffers from the same limitation. Plug it in and it's ready to go. The mic performed virtually flawlessly right out of the box, with no tampering with the switch. Then I decided to go to the Samson site and see if there were updated drivers for the mic. 
Simply THE BOMB!!!!!. But I'm still giving it 5 stars. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. I was short a shock mount for one of my Cad condensers. 
Why should they?  They already have your money. Companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business. Looks nice and works as intended. I LOVE the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage. 
I was short a shock mount for one of my Cad condensers. Looks nice and works as intended. This is ok if you are using a full boom that&#8217;s facing the singer. Go figure. 
The screws strip out too easily. Amazon was great in conjunction with the seller! My item arrived lightning fast! Amazon is like music to my ears, and that's why their products are in my studio. Looks nice and works as intended. I feel like I should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up. 
But I'm still giving it 5 stars. Thanks again Amazon. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. Amazon was great in conjunction with the seller! My item arrived lightning fast! Amazon is like music to my ears, and that's why their products are in my studio. 
It's a bit snug, but I would prefer a snug fit over a loose fit. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. Go figure. What would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  Did you test this product?  How did you test it?  What were your results?  Is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?Nope. 
For 22 bucks, can't really go wrong. Quality good, especially given fairly low price. This is ok if you are using a full boom that&#8217;s facing the singer. Works good. 
I've yet to use that mic again. It fits my MXL mic and any mic up to 52mm without a problem. Filter attached to mount is great idea, saves space and simplifies mic stand setup. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. 
In fact, and it might just be in my head, but I now prefer to use this when micing my guitar amp. I use 2 to stereo mic my egnater, works great, nice sound, to my ears not much different from an SM-57 and is a fraction of the price. It's not an audio professionals mic but good enough for me! Too noisy for hand held vocals, put it a mic stand instead. A great instrument mic using it on bass cabinet, instead of a line out for that real live hit. 
(Same with the SM 58/ES58). Also the price at orange county speaker's website is $29 and $25 in store so I'm not entirely sure why it's $50 on Amazon. Wow, I will never buy another SM-57 again. It's solid, has some weight to it, and the plastic at the top feels exactly right: so far, it hasn't come loose in the way that SM-57s do. 
So my review is based on this thing being plugged into that thing. I am really impressed with this mic!  The only thing I'd like to see is that it would come with a cover (bag) like the Shure mics do. Here's the thing, I am an amateur. All I can tell you is that this thing sounds freaking amazing. 
Works well to quickly tune and still zero in on the correct pitch. Was looking for something slightly improved over the Snark, but still easier to use and lower cost than a strobe tuner. Mine lasted for a couple of weeks. It was insightful of them to tell you of this need upfront. 
Once in a while it will catch ambient sounds, but I love this tuner. Excellent tuner. When I wanted a G I got a G. Mine lasted for a couple of weeks. 
I could not be happier. It was insightful of them to tell you of this need upfront. Mine lasted for a couple of weeks. The back light works well in dim light and of course the piezo mode makes tuning in noisey invironments quite easy. 
This device is a converter that works with RCA inputs and outputs. I will still use this to record anything on TV or like I said, old tapes. No extra drivers needed. other than that its another interface "i guess" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with. 
+ Is compact and the USB cable itself is long enough. + Latency fairly low. Not bad. I used this with my Samson mixer. 
Even my DigiTech RP255 has a built in 24bit audio interface. I use ASIO anyways. I'll be brief and to the point here:+ Works as an audio interface for a line level signal. There's NO audio interface this affordable. 
Ay yo homie this interface be off the hook you know i be all interfacin and stuff you feel. I use ASIO anyways. who the !$%^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT!!!!its about the cheapest way to "intro" yer way in to DAW/DAT interface. other than that its another interface "i guess" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with. 
These types of pedals are toys. I like the drum machine and the tuner, but I don't like the effects, I don't have an electric guitar, I only have acoustic electric guitars, and I thought that maybe I could make it sound like an electric, but the sounds are distorted, and not very clean, it sound muff. I would not advise anybody to get this. I had a friend with one of these and he loves it. 
I bought an RP-1 and it sounds much better. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. This little unit is packed with great effects. I had a friend with one of these and he loves it. 
Works well and has good sound. The sound is a little too electronic for me. I pulled the batteries out and tried to AC adapter and it smoked again, this time it did not work. I like the drum machine and the tuner, but I don't like the effects, I don't have an electric guitar, I only have acoustic electric guitars, and I thought that maybe I could make it sound like an electric, but the sounds are distorted, and not very clean, it sound muff. 
This particular brand I've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that I got worked fine for about a couple days. This little unit is packed with great effects. And I requested in a letter when I sent it in that they send another one in exchange, That didn't work out so well, with that being the only way I COULD RATE it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, I'd have to rate this one at the bottom. The interface could be easier to use but for this price point one can't really complain. 
If not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. Has just about everything you need in a entry-level pedal, except for a pedal control!!. This little unit is packed with great effects. 
I use it for my Yamaha acoustic guitar and it works great. This is my favorite acoustic guitar stand. As someone else mentioned here, this stand does not put any unnecessary pressure on the guitar and the space needed on the floor is minimal and the guitar can be displayed near a wall. it's a guitar stand that holds your guitar so it don't fall down during a gig hurting potential fans and thier friends. 
It does what it is designed for. it's a guitar stand that holds your guitar so it don't fall down during a gig hurting potential fans and thier friends. Great Price, easy to transport and set up and it holds my guitar. You will pay up to 4x more for similar stands! Great bargain. 
This is a quality stand. I should have bought another one of these instead. I already have one of these stands for one of my guitars and recently bought the tubular type. Nothing but praise for this item. 
It's heavy weight, solid construction, and very stable. Nothing but praise for this item. It does what it is designed for. It's easy to use on stage, it can be used with only one hand, and it has a low profile that doesn't take up a lot of space when folded, and it doesn't stick out as an eyesore on stage. 
The only problem is that it sticks out a little to far down underneath the guitar neck thus impeding the fingers from taking the right position for some of the chords. Good price, just as described!. It does the job. As I am one of those "forever beginners" when it comes to playing a guitar I may not be able to tell you all that this capo does. 
Good quality and work great for not extream user (Are you nuts?). This Capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. It does not break, and is very sturdy. I got this as it has a little different clamp handle design than another I bought earlier. 
It clamps on my acoustic just fine, no string buzz or damage to the neck so far. It does not break, and is very sturdy. This Capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. The item came quickly and as decribed. 
This has been appropriated by my son who really likes it on his black guitar. should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day. Like the black and it holds well. I have bought 5 of these now for me and a few friends and they work great. 
good luck. i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day. should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day. you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks. 
Very happy. No complaints whatsoever. solid- yes, adjusts to right height - YesIt is perfect! WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY. Product is a solid build and prices right. 
PERFECT :-). This was great. This was so perfect that we bought 2 more of them for our music at home!. I needed a music stand that could support a note book of music I have assembled over the years. 
It is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use. I needed a good solid stand for my music while seated playing guitar. I am impressed with the construction and so far it has been very stable. I was looking for something more solid than the usual fold up stand and this is it. 
May buy another for a spare. The price was right. Strong folds nice to bring it with you on a job. nice wide lip, sturdy, appears to be well made and durable, nice finish on it, hopefully will last a long time. 
Very happy. solid- yes, adjusts to right height - YesIt is perfect! WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY. PERFECT :-). I needed a music stand that could support a note book of music I have assembled over the years. 
solid- yes, adjusts to right height - YesIt is perfect! WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY. It is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use. This was so perfect that we bought 2 more of them for our music at home!. I can put a heavy notebook full of music on it and a lamp and a tray and more stuff and it is rock solid. 
Since it doesn't say Marshall or Fender, I only had to pay 1/2 for a better sounding amp. This is the best amp in this category. They said "well mine was only $45 and "mine was only $40. If you are looking for an amp with 1 or 2 watts, and know what to expect from a micro, this amp does not disappoint. 
I also purchased the AC adaptor since these things typically eat batteries. It tends to go distortion to the point of garble. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. " Too bad so sad for them. 
This is the best amp in this category. Since it doesn't say Marshall or Fender, I only had to pay 1/2 for a better sounding amp. Overall, I'm very pleased with this amp and it seems sturdy and reliable so far, and at $20, a bargain. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. 
I've bought three of these now and plan to buy more. They said "well mine was only $45 and "mine was only $40. I told them mine was $20. I was rather skeptical of this little box amp, but it works great. 
It's a good starter amp to see what your inexpensive ukulele or guitar sounds like with an amp. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. The amp comes with helpful instructions showing different tone settings (fuzz, twang, etc. Don't expect too much for $20 (it's all plastic) and you should be satisfied too. 
when you strum it shuts down somrtimes,i am not sure if it is the battery or it just does not like the song i am playing. You can't find a better option on a budget, when fun and convenience is more important than audiophile-quality sound. If you try playing clean, with no distortion, you'll be underpowered. i'm going to live with it,,has a belt clip if you want to look really silly playing. 
Only on first 4 strings may be. The sound quality is surprisingly hot. You can't find a better option on a budget, when fun and convenience is more important than audiophile-quality sound. Fun little rig. 
Live and learn. I don't notice it coloring the sound (i. I have also used this as a DI box for guitar, all of my gear is middle of the line (not junk but not super high-end), I don't notice any tone-sucking in my "jam-space" application. These are very well constructed and function very well too. 
I'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. I did get some hum when I would touch the case, just like I did with other DI-boxes. Can't say much more than the description. Keep the ground switch selected, and it will do just fine. 
This product worked very well for my needs. The -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because I used the same equipment for all attenuation settings. Some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation. With each attenuation setting, I had to adjust the input volume accordingly. 
59 for this and I'm mad at myself. Can't say much more than the description. Ok, I'm surprised that this unit is now over $15. I'm using it with an LR Baggs M1A active soundhole pickup. 
Some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation. I'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. The -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because I used the same equipment for all attenuation settings. I guess you get what you pay for here. 
This product worked very well for my needs. The -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because I used the same equipment for all attenuation settings. Some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation. With each attenuation setting, I had to adjust the input volume accordingly. 
Easy to use and very secure. Would buy these again if/when I acquire new guitars. Straplocks came with black & white felt, that's a nice touch. If you play a lot you have to install these on all your guitars and straps. 
Is it 100% sturdy? 100% reliable? Does the design put undue stress or wear on the guitar? Can it fit in a case, or does it make you take the strap off every time you put your guitar away?The Fender-Schaller design covers all of these bases well. Easy to use and very secure. No fear of the strap coming loose and having your guitar drop to the floor. I am very interested in the Straplocks, so I decided to give them a try. 
Other than that for the price its just awesome. This is an awesome analog echo effect. Not a bad product, acceptable at it's price point, just didn't impress me much. I really am starting to love Behringer. 
Other than that for the price its just awesome. This is an awesome analog echo effect. Not a bad product, acceptable at it's price point, just didn't impress me much. I really am starting to love Behringer. 
When you purchase this product the advertisement leads you to believe a separate power supply is required but it does come with its own power supply. I don't care for the rear facing upwardly angled input, output and power jacks. The "standard" 9V center negative power supply is a "postive" (excuse my pun. this is not a bad way to get started playing with that. 
There seems to be an ongoing controversy over a firmware update to the controller module - whether it fixes an issue with the snare drum pad responsiveness when struck simultaneously with the hi hat, or is in fact the cause of an issue with the pad. Depending on the devise, hitting further from this sweet spot might change the sound and/or volume produced. To a small extent, I've even been able to cover up the less-than-responsive tom by lowering the volume on all the other pieces. It sounds more like a flat tom than a bass pedal. 
HEED MY WARNING IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS WITH NI, EZ DRUMMER OR OTHER PROGRAMS LIKE THAT YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO REROUTE MAPPING OF MIDI IN ORDER TO USE IT. It takes up very little space compared to an acoustic set which is great for me since I have little room for it. however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on. I'll try to keep this succinct and say only what needs said. 
The control module's buttons and operation are described but there's no detailed guide to the preset kits or selectable pad patches. The kit allows for tremendous flexibility in positioning the pads horizontally and vertically, yet you're pretty much left on your own to discover this. To a small extent, I've even been able to cover up the less-than-responsive tom by lowering the volume on all the other pieces. I also have Battery 3 and using the kit to trigger those samples opens up vast possibilities. 
it looks like aged. it picks up sound OK, but not great. Works really well with all of my stringed acoustic instruments It has a good clean sound and I think for the price you can not go wrong. He said that you can hear the guitar but barely. 
I made mistake of attaching so wife could play Rocksmith and now wish I had used cheaper guitar or better yet, bought a better pickup. I doubt that the $200 stuff is much better. It stays great and pickups perfectly without any unwanted noise from the pickup wire itself (recently have bought another one does). It does not stick on to the guitar very well. 
It stays great and pickups perfectly without any unwanted noise from the pickup wire itself (recently have bought another one does). I made mistake of attaching so wife could play Rocksmith and now wish I had used cheaper guitar or better yet, bought a better pickup. I agree with those reviewers who really like this pickup. I doubt that the $200 stuff is much better. 
It has a very natural sound, is reliable and amazingly strong. it looks like aged. I also bought (for comparison) the Cherub WCP-60G, which is not bad but has much more of an unnatural metallic sound, plus it seems more feedback-prone than the AXL. I can only recommend, if you have a nice classical guitar and want to amplify it with true sound, the AXL is an excellent and inexpensive solution. 
I had a couple of Boss pedals and one Behringer one and I ordered a couple more of the inexpensive Behringer units, which I'm generally pleased with, though they're perhaps not in the elite category. I've also seen reviews that it's VERY druable, so you don't have to worry about it breaking easily. Then, recently I found this one for less than a hundred bucks, so I really couldn't pass it up. I replaced the power cable that came with it with one of the power cables that came with one of my pedals, and the sound went away. 
I love the fact that you can hide the wires and also convert the storage bay into space for larger pedals (such as wah or volume). I am not disappointed in the least. This board does the job for at least 6 pedals. It should just take some getting used too. 
I am not disappointed in the least. I am very impressed with this unit. They work fine for me. If you're doing something similar to me, I'm sure you will be too. 
The latches are not the most secure, just a simple plastic slide that looks like it could easily break. I will be working on this. I would recomment this to anyone who travels alot, doesn't have a lot of space in their room, or someone who just likes things neat and compact all the time. Overall, I'm extremely satisfied. 
I would recomment this to anyone who travels alot, doesn't have a lot of space in their room, or someone who just likes things neat and compact all the time. I didn't want 5 or 6 units cluttering up the space and each demanding its own wall wart. They work fine for me. I wish it had a power switch. 
I bought replacement tubes and solved the issue, but thats not the point. All in all, I'm very pleased. 1w settings. It's still a small-fry (slightly bigger than most 15w amps out there), but much heavier. 
Headphone jack standard. This is a great little amp especially for the money. Why futz with tube-like effects when you can have real, live tubes -- two in fact!  Only five Watts, yes, but that's still enough to fill a room. Small footprint allows me to place in my studio and get that deep sound like a big tube amp. 
You sometimes what you pay for, and in this case, if you want that vintage 70s tone at "bedroom" volumes, you cant go wrong with the V5. I might try putting a Jensen speaker in it, but the stock tone is just fine as it is. The speaker isnt worth the paper its made from. I would recommend this amp if you are looking for good tube tone on the cheap. 
I wanted something not too big and portable, but could use at home without shredding the walls. The stock speaker is an 8" Bugera "vintage" (think greenback clone) and it is darker than a lot of small speakers. You can use any speaker cabinet, I guess, that has a minimum of 4 OHMS, which is clearly written near the jack. I might try putting a Jensen speaker in it, but the stock tone is just fine as it is. 
I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb?. My only complaint is I didn't like the clean sounds not to my liking. This little amp is awesome, I once had a Peavey Bandit 112 back in the day, and this little guy can do all it could do, it just doesn't get as loud, but at least you won't have to worry about someone calling the cops on you for being too loud, but is gets just loud enough, so be careful. 
I have been playing for about 30 years, and I know I could use this amp in a small club without running it into the PA. this amp really shines in the distortion modes, I don;t really care for the clean sounds but the metal tones are as good as I've ever heard out of a low cost amp. Other than that an awesome amp. I didn't like the clean channel,( it wasn't really clean) but I quickly found out how to set it like i wanted it (press the clean button then turn all the preset effects to 0 and then hold down on the clean button about three seconds until the lights blink and now it's really clean. 
I discovered that the reason for this is because the "sweet spot" for the volume is going to be when the amp is about three-quarters of the way up. This amp is non stop fun. I had been looking for an amp for home practice and for live playing. Line 6 does somewhat force you to purchase one of the pedals because you need the pedal to update the amp. 
Wow! This little amp packs tons of tone & sound. As another reviewer mentioned, if you need something louder because you're in a larger venue, the amp will be mic'd anyway. Line 6 does somewhat force you to purchase one of the pedals because you need the pedal to update the amp. I had been looking for an amp for home practice and for live playing. 
b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal. Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo. EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset. 
I also love the fact that it connects to your amp via RJ45 ethernet cable. I just use it as a volume, because I already have a wah pedal. The pedals are all easy to press and I love the volume/wah 2-in-1 pedal. This foot controller is wonderful switch between all four channels and the volume pedal wah pedal and built in tuner makes it the complete package for my line 6 amp!!!. 
The tuner works great as well, I tuned it on there then with my korg tuner and it matches up. I got this little guy for my spider IV 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. Its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. The amount of force needed to switch to wah is quite a bit, and seems like its a little too much force that's needed, but it works. 
I use this on my spider iv 75 it works great I've had it for about 2 months and no issues. This feature alone makes it a must-have for taking full advantage of the amp. I also love the fact that it connects to your amp via RJ45 ethernet cable. I hate having to let go of the guitar to switch channels, and this just is perfect for the job. 
b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal. Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV. 
I got this little guy for my spider IV 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. I use this on my spider iv 75 it works great I've had it for about 2 months and no issues. Its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. And once you're switched over to the wah, don't expect to match up with Voodo Chile or Bulls On Parade. 
The mic, imo, is fully-valued, even at its single-digit price. Be prepared to have plenty of watts on hand to coax any appreciable sensitivity from this non-responsive creature. Doesn't have a really great range, I think the RockBand mic has a better range than this, but like I said, it's a cheap mic so what can you expect. Honestly I should have saved my money and been a little more patient to get a better mic. 
Doesn't have a really great range, I think the RockBand mic has a better range than this, but like I said, it's a cheap mic so what can you expect. )  Despite appearances, this mic is no bargain. I wasnt expecting much from the mic. The mic, imo, is fully-valued, even at its single-digit price. 
This is a really nice microphone. the first day it was fine, if a bit sensitive, by the third day it was broken. I would buy this again. No problems with seller and product came quick. 
I would reccommend this to anyone that is on a budget and wants a good peice of sound equipment. (I haven't tested it for recording purposes. It's "dynamic" rather than "condenser," but it still requires loads of power to get it up to workable levels (phantom power, which is a requirement for condenser mics, would probably not add sufficient heft). The quality of the sound, moreover, isn't bad--providing you can hear it. 
bought for my son to do game capture voice overs. I mean c'mon what can you expect for that price. cheap to buy, but cheaply made. This is a really nice microphone. 
)  Despite appearances, this mic is no bargain. Honestly I should have saved my money and been a little more patient to get a better mic. I wasnt expecting much from the mic. (I haven't tested it for recording purposes. 
I would buy this again. cheap to buy, but cheaply made. This is a really nice microphone. (I haven't tested it for recording purposes. 
I mean c'mon what can you expect for that price. Be prepared to have plenty of watts on hand to coax any appreciable sensitivity from this non-responsive creature. I would buy this again. (I haven't tested it for recording purposes. 
bought for my son to do game capture voice overs. It's "dynamic" rather than "condenser," but it still requires loads of power to get it up to workable levels (phantom power, which is a requirement for condenser mics, would probably not add sufficient heft). (I haven't tested it for recording purposes. the first day it was fine, if a bit sensitive, by the third day it was broken. 
This tuner has already paid for itself in checking that my guitar is in tune,great device!!!. Well, i just got started playing guitar, and needed a tuner. This thing works well so far, but i didn't have the proper 1/4 inch connector yet to hook my guitar straight into the tuner, which i think would have made it work better. Wow! This tuner is currently the absolute best value in my home studio. 
Lastly it has a button for &#34;Sound&#34; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually. I use it every day at work, I use it in my guitar classes. Purchased this Korg Guitar and Bass Tuner for our son who uses it to tune his acoustic and electric guitar. I have no idea how long they'll last yet but I have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later. 
Unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! I tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. Easy to use and perfect size. I use it every day at work, I use it in my guitar classes. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes. 
All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom. This tuner work well. So it easy to quickly tune up. 
All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. This tuner work well. The display is big ( 1-1/4" X 1-1/4 "), bright even in a bright room, and when the string is in-tune, the backlit background turns from red to green( like Christmas!). The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom. 
All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. This tuner work well. The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom. So it easy to quickly tune up. 
The software side requires a bit of configuration to work with some software, but ultimately was stable and functional EXCEPT. The software is a little lame and doesn't always work properly. So it may not work in some configurations. Now it's really a great product that I can, um, sort of recommend to everyone. 
Although not confirmed (online) as working with Reason, I was happy to see it worked immediately with no problems. Nice try, akai. I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs. but find myself using this even more often. 
so it's whatever. So that's nice. at least for a few weeks. [Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. 
My CPU is Windows 7, but it worked on my MSI netbook also. at least for a few weeks. Nice try, akai. [Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. 
If yours has this problem, send it back while it's still in warranty. It appears that I have a broken one with an intermittent problem. After online research, I decided to buy (and found locally) this midi pad to use in Reason 4. I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs. 
Nice try, akai. so it's whatever. You can program it to whatever MIDI values you want. I used it with Live 8. 
[Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. So that's nice. With my laptop, the USB power supply must be noisy, because the LPD8 will lose its connection and power if you even gently touch one of the cables--however, it works fine if I use a (very cheap!) powered USB hub in between. at least for a few weeks. 
at least for a few weeks. The pads themselves are as solid as devices several times more expensive. so it's whatever. It appears that I have a broken one with an intermittent problem. 
Lose a star, because I really love it but in my configuration I am not willing to add a gratuitous USB hub and another wall wart to my road rig. So it may not work in some configurations. The pads are a little stiff, but this works, does the job and is such a small package!Fit's in my Macbook bag -. I suspect that it does not contain adequate filtering for the power supply. 
Even the 12-pound Yamaha NP-30, with its 76 notes, is awkward to use for this purpose. Technical support is also almost zero. I got this and it works well apart from the fact you have to really bang down on the keys, Im hoping over time they will be easier to press. It's lightweight, compact and thus perfectly suited as an iPad accessory. 
But it's the ideal solution for many of us who may be working at a desktop computer with Garageband, Band-in-the-Box, Finale, Sibelius, Audacity or a similar program. That's the reason I initially went with the NP30, only to find that the bi-purpose instrument I had in mind was impractical for either intended use. Customer service is basically "If you have to ask, you should not buy this". I find that unbelievable. 
It is not perfect as it has no on/off switch, it reverts to default mode when you power it up, it is a little hard to set volume and tempo on drum beats. The rhythm machine has 44 rhythms with adjustable volume and tempo. It will also give you a rhythm track to play along too. I got this in the mail a week ago and have played with it constantly. 
I got this in the mail a week ago and have played with it constantly. I can change the sound of the guitar to match whatever I want, or at least get close to what I want. The rhythm machine has 44 rhythms with adjustable volume and tempo. This will give you the delay and compression that you need for country twang on the telecaster. 
Even for me. It is my first pedal of any sort. It only cost around $60 so perfection should not be expected. Not too difficult to get the hang of. 
Adds to my playing. It is not perfect as it has no on/off switch, it reverts to default mode when you power it up, it is a little hard to set volume and tempo on drum beats. It only cost around $60 so perfection should not be expected. I can change the sound of the guitar to match whatever I want, or at least get close to what I want. 
As usual an excellent Zoom product. The effects are good but the controls and setups are clumsy and kind of annoying and after a while I just couldn't live with it. Adds to my playing. It is not perfect as it has no on/off switch, it reverts to default mode when you power it up, it is a little hard to set volume and tempo on drum beats. 
I would not use this mic stand for an event where it's plainly visible to an audience. I would use this mic stand for personal voice recording an communication. The mic holder has the same issue. This means you have to choose between having a straight forward mic and having a mic which doesn't swivel around on its base. 
It's great for a desk or a small recording studio. It's always been a problem trying to keep the Desk microphone in one place. This stand and the mount get the small screen right up to my line of vision. This is what it shows, a simple small mic stand that dont fall over. 
Its well made and works well. Perfect for my obscure use. I would use this mic stand for personal voice recording an communication. This means you have to choose between having a straight forward mic and having a mic which doesn't swivel around on its base. 
The only thing is I wish the flex was a little longer, about three inches would be great. The metal neck is difficult to tighten onto its base without causing the microphone to be crooked. Good for table top, cajon hole by floor or recording. What to do with it? I use this contraption to watch movies on my ipod touch on long flights. 
What to do with it? I use this contraption to watch movies on my ipod touch on long flights. Perfect for my obscure use. The only thing is I wish the flex was a little longer, about three inches would be great. No more holding a little phone-sized thing up to my face for hours on end. 
I have a lot of guitar tuners in the house. This little CA1 is actually faster and better than the TU-3 by a hair, and absolutely kills the Polytune in speed and accuracy. This is a nice tuner that works great. Thought it would be easier to have it all in one machine. 
This is a nice tuner that works great. This is the tuner you want!. However, this worked fine as a plain tuner. I ordered this tuner so I could carry it around with my ukelele in a gig bag. 
I have no complaints about it. The Korg runs off of ambient sound and gets interference from background noise while the Intellitouch is a clip on and uses vibration to 'hear' the note. Works well as a tuner, but I did return it to buy the Korg tuner/metronome combo. This is a good item and has served me well. 
Works well as a tuner, but I did return it to buy the Korg tuner/metronome combo. This is a good item and has served me well. I ordered this tuner so I could carry it around with my ukelele in a gig bag. Microphone works well for acoustic guitars. 
I have no complaints about it. Microphone works well for acoustic guitars. I have a lot of guitar tuners in the house. This little CA1 is actually faster and better than the TU-3 by a hair, and absolutely kills the Polytune in speed and accuracy. 
They all had pluses and minuses. Simple to use. 03/20/2013-This particular unit does not respond a quickly as other identical tuners that I have. They have been very dependable and easy on batteries. 
This is the second tuner I have bought like this. Works great!. This little tuner is very precise. One in the guitar case holding my Martin HD28 and the other in the case of my Blueridge flattop. 
They all had pluses and minuses. This works well at a noisy jam and rarely gets confused. I have owned just about every tuner made. It is my tuner of choice right now. 
Since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error. This is not. I have tried several rosins for my violin. Very good rosin and does exactly what is described. 
What can you say about Rosin?  This rosin seems to be better than the cheapo kind I had and so I feel it is worth the extra money. A nice finish to the other rosin with specific bows. Very good rosin and does exactly what is described. It leaves very little rosin dust on the violin. 
I bought this to go with my Cecilio 4/4 electric violin, and it fits perfectly. This does work as described. When playing an electric &#34;bodyless&#34; violin, that hurts the collar bone. The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone. 
The adjustability is a key factor, and I can turn one side low and the other side higher for a highly customized fit. I thought it would not be as good but wow my surprise to it and the fit I have a 4/4 Violin I think handed down from my ggggrandfather the violin is so old can hardly tell what kind it is someone once told me it was one of those stratovariouses tempted to throw it out a couple of times but it is sentimental since it came from and handed down through the family, should just pitch the thing but now I do have a nice shoulder comforter. The padding is also excellent and comfortable. Will definitely keep the shoulder thing even if I do pitch the violin for a nice shiney new one. 
I didn't use this a lot because it was a little uncomfortable. But is a well made product if you use it for what it's for. The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone. It helps you to keep the violin in right position all the time. 
It arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out. I have no problem whatsoever keeping it on the violin as long as it's in the proper position. I am not an avid player but it fits good and for the price you can not beat it. The adjustability is a key factor, and I can turn one side low and the other side higher for a highly customized fit. 
Good value for the price. This shoulder rest is very comfortable, and really helps get the right playing angle. I have no problem whatsoever keeping it on the violin as long as it's in the proper position. I bought this to go with my Cecilio 4/4 electric violin, and it fits perfectly. 
This shoulder rest is sturdy and remarkably easy to install on the fiddle. The adjustability is a key factor, and I can turn one side low and the other side higher for a highly customized fit. I have no problem whatsoever keeping it on the violin as long as it's in the proper position. The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone. 
You won't regret it. I usually have to do some post-processing on vocals, but in the genres I work in that's not exactly a rare thing. If you want to upgrade from a headset, cheap mic, Blue Yeti, or AT-2020; buy this mic and an audio interface. This mic has convinced me to  purchase the Audio-Technica  AT4040. 
It leaves a really clean, if slightly cold/flat feeling, that can then be warmed up in post production nicely. have fun. It is obviously more clear and pure the moment you try it. It is my first condenser mic, and at $149 it is a steal. 
It is obviously more clear and pure the moment you try it. I have been staying away from AT products because I didn't like the headphones compared to Sony's. Good flat response, but you can also click the bass roll off and get a little cleaner voice if you don't like to EQ after the fact. For me this works like an sm57 microphone and costs about the same. 
I just wish that there was an option to skip the stand and just get a shock-mount - YETI combo pack, as I have mounted it on a shock mounted stand attached to my desk and haven't used the base that much since arriving at that setup. I can understand why one person with a youtube channel would love this. It's a shame that its been out for a few years now, and there has been no one else to try and make a microphone that has the sound quality of this one. In sound proof studios. 
If you guys know of any good alternatives please leave a comment. Yes, you can make perfectly good pod casts and voice overs with this. Glad I purchased this. A good buy well worth the price. 
At the same time, as a musician without a home studio I seriously doubt I'll make much use of the mic for performance or recording. Then I read the instructions, which discourage plugging the mic into a hub. Or you can do what I did and get 2 Audio Technica ATR 2100's, 1 Behringer Xenyx 802 dual mic input Mixer, 2 shock mount/broadcast boom combos and 2 windscreens for the same price as a yeti, raidus shock mount, the pop pop filter and a generic mic stand. Trick: treat your room with sound deadening. 
For those who would try this for guitar, remember this is a sensitive compressor mic and you will get a very loud recording you will not like. I use this mic for voice over work that gets added to videos playing in major hotel rooms. Great product!. Trick: treat your room with sound deadening. 
The sustainer is just that adds sustain to any guitar regardless of build, so even a cheap one can ring like the best. Compressor is inherent to quack and pop of chickinpickin and country stuff you just can't not have if that's your thing. I have couple few behringer pedals, some complain about plastic housings but a) I don't beat my gear and b) plastic doesn't get rust and corrosion. The only thing I say negative is all that battery junk inherent to all pedals, gotta spring for power supply plug, if not now, eventually because it'll drive you nuts. 
And its purty too!  I would also deeply recommendSnark SN-2 All Instrument Clip-On Chromatic Tuner. (Also, the strings that came on it are pretty decent, but new strings sound a bit better). And frankly, at this price, it gets my warmest recommendation for those on a tight budget (sometimes, you just can't afford 400+ dollars for a mainstream name beginner brand). Sounds good and the action is smooth. 
A keeper for sure. There is no indication of where this banjo was made, but the quality is top notch. I see no flaws on my banjo. I can play a guitar and learning a few banjo chords was easy. 
You will not be disappointed. It tuned up very easily, and for me it holds tune nicely. (the part that holds the strings is still metal, I'm talking about the things your turn with your fingers to tune it is plastic)So, I'm debating on rating it 4 stars or 5 stars. I looked to make sure it wasn't warped or cracked, and it wasn't. 
I did not have the problem with the 5th string machine being to tight as others. Even the drum. I had done a fair amount of research on banjos before I bought this. FOR THE MONEY YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE I WOULD RECOMEND THIS BANGJO FOR BEGINNERS, OR JUST ONY ONE WHO PLAYS JOHN R. 
It's a lot more durable/heavy than the mg102c, and the knobs are constructed much better. Runs a little bit on the hot side. For example, all the knobs that have centering dent on MG102c doesn't line up well, some are off by a few degrees. Power cable is kinda short, so you may want to look for a longer one. 
It's a lot more durable/heavy than the mg102c, and the knobs are constructed much better. Really like the EQ on the Main output. Runs a little bit on the hot side. I have a AKG d5 and SM58, with both mics I have to turn gain and channel volume to 90% to get a decent output. 
When I called Mackie support to seek a fix, I was told that the problem was well known and the newer lots had been corrected with new hardware. Knob turning pressure is also consistent and firm. Every issue I had was ironed out by Mackie support. I experienced this firsthand, then read folks struggling with the issue on the Mackie support blogs. 
Runs a little bit on the hot side. I first bought the Yamaha MG102c mixer, but it arrived defective so I returned and bought this instead. For example, all the knobs that have centering dent on MG102c doesn't line up well, some are off by a few degrees. They are seriously fabulous. 
Whether you want to output TO a PA or FROM a PA. And there are multiple sound options including phantom, and instrument. I used a female xlr to 1/4 trs cable but I have been told you can also use xlr to xlr, although I did not try it. It is big help &#8211; be better if we could eliminate the  buzz it causes in the church&#8217;s sound system. 
The price was great and the wattage was nice. The tone controls are nice and the bass you can get is quite amazing for a 5. I'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if I'm not comfortable with the hissing. I bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (RCA, Mic & Instruments). 
I bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (RCA, Mic & Instruments). I play guitar and stand behind the vocalists. B205D is a powerful speaker system. I was using the ION system it just got to be to much to carry around. 
Initially, I noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. It probably won't protect a steel ball from a marshmallow attack. I had bought two sets of the Pyle Pro PMDK102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4" cabling from an Amazon dealer which arrived without problems. Why I blame the manufacturer's packaging more so than the way it was handled during shipping is simple. 
the tripod legs have multiple connections which protrude from the joints and aside from the use of thin plastic bags to separate the two units laying upside down and side-by-side within the small confines of its included unpadded travel bag within its shipping carton, no other fore-thought of protection to prevent each tripod unit from physically rubbing or banging against one another during transport was afforded. I had bought two sets of the Pyle Pro PMDK102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4" cabling from an Amazon dealer which arrived without problems. Initially, I noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. Only time and after some use hereafter will I be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain. 
Further inspection confirmed this as this 'block' was indeed part of the tube, and after several minutes of wrestling with it, I was able to get it lodged back inside. Only time and after some use hereafter will I be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain. These are made solid and are very stable. they're functional, durable, and can be set-up within just a few seconds. 
It's really overboard in a way that I didn't find musical. The Ibanez has a classic Tube Screamer circuit built in and a switch which cuts the wattage in half for playing at lower volumes, but it lacked a reverb circuit, which was a deal breaker (silly reasoning, I know). , and it has a reverb AND tremolo circuit, so it had the features I was looking for and most importantly, it produces some killer tone. The AC15 has a larger enclosure than the Blues Jr. 
It's also a hefty beast and should stand up to sustained use. It allows you to switch between the top boost/normal channels and also allows you to run through both channels at the same time and let me tell you there are some really sweet tones when you run both channels at once. I've opted to just use the "Normal" channel and push it with a Joyo Ultimate Drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear. I play in our band at church and as such, I've been wanting a Vox AC15 for quite some time. 
This is my first tube amp and after doing a TON of research, I found that the VOX AC15C1 was just about perfect for me. For my first tube amp, I don't think I could have done much better; I love the tone that I can get, the tube warmth is just sooo much more soulful than the sterile sound from a solid state amp, it's feature rich, and takes pedals well. I was worried at first that 15 watts wouldn't be enough, but fear not, this amp is LOUD. So what. 
and the Ibanez TS15. The normal channel will break up nicely too, but I would suggest an A/B switch and run the normal channel fairly clean and the top boost pretty dirty. I just shut that volume completely off since I was not using the Top Boost channel anyway. I was plugged into the Normal channel, and didn't realize that the Top Boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from. 
Some feedback is good, but not that screaming feedback loop from cables missing their grounds. All the soft clipping is there for every nuance. It went dead. I wish I would have never bought this but hopefully I get  a new one soon. 
Some feedback is good, but not that screaming feedback loop from cables missing their grounds. No buzzing and crackling and NO MORE WIRES!No more shorts in the cables, or stepping over cords. Finally, the technology is here for inexpensive wireless. My AKG wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs. 
But that being said, it a great value if you want to spruce up your MIM Strat. The springs in the back keep it back. What I did was tighten the body screws all the way, and then loosened them one 1/4 turn back. One tip which I forgot, do not tighten the 6 screws into the body all the way. 
Like I stated it was dirt cheap and decent quality. It only comes with the bridge, no body screws, no back springs, no arm. The springs in the back keep it back. What I did was tighten the body screws all the way, and then loosened them one 1/4 turn back. 
If you like to do &#34;dive bombs&#34;, you will need to grind a bevel on a small portion this massive sustain block. The block is full size, probably zinc or some mystery metal, vintage bent saddles. Would be a good replacement for an older MIM Strat with the smaller block, or other Asian import, or just to replace one that's wore out. The block is HUGE compared to a standard MIM bridge. 
The springs in the back keep it back. That's why it's so inexpensive. This is intended to replace a MIM 6 screw Stratocaster bridge. The block is HUGE compared to a standard MIM bridge. 
Sometimes lower C and lower A look alike. It illuminates my entire largeManhasset M54 Regal Conductor's Music Standquite well by itself. Get it!. works great. 
Let me start off saying that you cannot go wrong buying any of the series of Mighty Bright music stand lamps. I used this on my music stand on the lowest setting and it worked perfectly. As with many things, I'm a little older now and need a little more light to read the sheet music. Mighty Bright Orchestra Light to the rescue!  The clip is also much larger than the image would let you believe; however, the base is curved to allow your music to easily lay on top. 
They include 3 batteries (I didn't see them until I pulled out the adapter for this review) to get you started using the light, but the adapter works well and has a very long cord so if you are using the adapter at a gig you shouldn't have to worry about it making it to your power supply. It's hard to fit the adapter cable back into the pocket, but there's plenty of room for it in the case. so I used a sturdy piece of foam board to clamp to. I used this on my music stand on the lowest setting and it worked perfectly. 
Having said that, for a 40 bucks light, it feels rather flimsy to me. One more thing, you should ignore the "Frequently Bought Together" suggestion to get theMighty Bright 80910 Bright Light Cradlefor this light. The little fin at the back of the light is very good in keeping it from being an annoyance to other musicians when it's pointed back at the music. Other than that, it's fine, and pretty well constructed. 
I bought this because of reputation and reviews, but it should probably cost the same as its closest competitor, theRechargeable Music Stand LED Light Clip-on 9 LEDS with Adapter. The included zipper case is fairly big and bulky, but will squash down as much as possible in an instrument case or bag. And the carrying case makes it very portable. If you need to put a color filter over it, you don't have to worry about a hot bulb melting holes in the filter. 
Comes with the proper attachment pieces that you need for most (if not all) microphones, folds up nice and small. Happy all around!. The height adjustments seem to work flawlessly. We bought this stand for our son's new guitar amp Mic, and it works fine for his set-up. 
These are slightly shorter than other stands I have. Can't complain about a price like this!!! Does the job just fine for what it is, not really anything more you could ask for. Needed boom arm stands and these filled the bill. Works just fine. 
These are slightly shorter than other stands I have. Happy all around!. Needed boom arm stands and these filled the bill. Be sure to check is the length of the arm is OK. 
Be sure to check is the length of the arm is OK. Tripod base to get over stage cables, and a boom arm with clips. Needed boom arm stands and these filled the bill. Happy all around!. 
The height adjustments seem to work flawlessly. These are slightly shorter than other stands I have. We bought this stand for our son's new guitar amp Mic, and it works fine for his set-up. It comes with the Mic clip to hold the Mic as well. 
The height adjustments seem to work flawlessly. We bought this stand for our son's new guitar amp Mic, and it works fine for his set-up. Be sure to check is the length of the arm is OK. Good unit for the money, for sure. 
Works awesome :). The height adjustments seem to work flawlessly. Can't complain about a price like this!!! Does the job just fine for what it is, not really anything more you could ask for. Works just fine. 
M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action for Keyboards. Buy a good sustain pedal. The feel is perfect for one who is used to standard synth-style keyboard keys yet longs for a little more control without sacrificing playability. After having played the Yamaha YPG-535 88-key Portable Grand Piano Keyboard in a showroom and loving it, I was torn, wondering what all I would be missing out on if I went with the more economically priced YPG-235. 
The speakers are good. The feel is perfect for one who is used to standard synth-style keyboard keys yet longs for a little more control without sacrificing playability. M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action for Keyboards. This keyboard also has tons of neat features - there's something here for musicians of any skill level (check out Yamaha's product blurb). 
M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action for Keyboards. Buy a good sustain pedal. A great addition and will serve me well. The speakers are good. 
M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action for Keyboards. The feel is perfect for one who is used to standard synth-style keyboard keys yet longs for a little more control without sacrificing playability. So what is the difference between the 235 and the 535? Based on my previous comparative shopping, I have come up with a few differences. The speakers are good. 
While it cannot stand up to say (my favorite) the D112, it does the job and the overheads are the easiest o. He paid about 350-400 for his kit (still cheap by today's standards). I took a chance on this kit, even though I have never purchased anything that says "Pyle" on the label. I just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. 
I just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. The kick mic's base is beginning to fall apart, but I have used these things on the road all this (brutal) summer and the sound is still the same. For the money, I doubt you can beat these microphones. Didn't test microphones yet, but I think this is best price for 7 microphones. 
The kick mic's base is beginning to fall apart, but I have used these things on the road all this (brutal) summer and the sound is still the same. I'll check it later. they have picked up outside noise(like birds etc) but with a decent bit of white noise (but I may have had them running a bit hot too) the strange clamps have worked well for me. Shipped in time. 
Does not contain any of the cabling and you will easily spend as much on that as you did on the microphonesNo instructions on how to use the mounts, or little things like you can use plyers to remove the 3/8" adapters from the mountsKick mic needs a mic stand, one is not providedThe ugly:The two condenser microphones are incredibly sensitive but at the cost of an incredibly high noise floor. I pulled out 1 overhead condensor and the kick-drum mic and mounted them, fired up the PA and had our drummer play a bit and was shocked at the clarity of the overhead mic!  We could probably get away with just using this one microphone to mic the entire kit, or two overheads; they pick up everything very clearly. For fun, I added one of the tom/snare mics and they sounded equally clear. Shipped in time. 
You can't beat this deal. For under twenty dollars, Pyle-Pro can't be beat. But I've found that most of these pyle pro audio products tend to have a much higher signal to noise ratio. Are you kidding me at this low price. 
When I hooked it up I didn't expect it to be so loud and clear. Has that great heavy mic feel but is definitely no SHURE mic despite the similarities. It doesn't seem to be loud enough for a recording device that I have, but other than that, it works as described. It was delivered fast. 
so pleased with this $12 microphone, packs less of a punch than the Shure SM 58 but works great, very happy so far, used it to microphone some percussion and it worked great, could not really tell the difference from the real thing. It doesn't seem to be loud enough for a recording device that I have, but other than that, it works as described. I'm very impressed. Very close to the sound of an SM-58. 
For under twenty dollars, Pyle-Pro can't be beat. I use it as a practice mic. This could be a great mic and is similar to the Shure SM58. It's fine if no one hears you! But if your gonna use it live. 
I used it on a First Act ME501. Worth every penny mind you. But I had to take it off case it just did not fit right. Perfect replacement. 
Such an easy part to install even if you are a clutz. I used it on a First Act ME501. Did have to take off a little on either side, but other than that it fits. So far so good. 
Makes a massive difference to the sound and can be a half decent price sometimes. But I had to take it off case it just did not fit right. Was a direct drop in for my epi wildkat. good,  but it not fit properly,  Defenley better then bone thogh  I did have  to sand it to try to make it fit good, and I did Put it on my epiphone LP,  It does give a nice blues tone,  Beause it's not bone. 
It coils nicely and has good connectors. I just did a quick mic test with this cable and everything sounded good. I bought this audio cable and all I gotta say is that this thing can last and it will not give you any trouble. I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra. 
Don't trust the products anymore. It's unfortunate but I don't feel safe with their products, that they'll perform when I need them to. I have other cables around it and was unsure about its shielding, but have never noticed any feedback or hissing. I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra. 
Some items of GLS work great, others are awful. Just what I needed. No issues in over a year. I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra. 
If I need more, I'll probably buy this again. This is actually quite good, no problems after 2 seasons of work, and the neutrik knock-off connectors plug into devices well. I'm not saying there isn't a place for high quality cables, but If you have jobs were you don't need cables made of pure spun 100% angel's pubic hair, these will get the job done. I have other cables around it and was unsure about its shielding, but have never noticed any feedback or hissing. 
The set is quite nice, for the price!. These fit my budget and plus you get EVERY KEY you need for any song. Hohner has been around forever, well constructed instrument and very reliable company. This is what gives them their charm and voice. 
I'll use the case for my higher end Hohners as needed. That said the only thing I like about this order is the case. Great for the beginner!. Nice presentation, although the harmonicas are plastic, they look and sounds great. 
None the less the picks make my uke sound louder but you may be hearing the pick a little bit. I was looking for a semi-soft felt picks. The picks are pretty comfy to hold. I am having a hard time using the picks on my uke. 
As far as the quality and vendor delivery, I am happy and I have no complaints. The pics also shed easily, making your instrument dusty in no time. I would like to let people know they are very stiff. But because the picks were a bit dusty it could transfer to your instrument. 
Adjusting the height and tilt is difficult. Bag was ripped so I almost lost the screw and washer. Works just like it's supposed to. The part that holds the music isn't as wide as other stands. 
Those flimsy, backless music stands are worthless IMO, especially on a breezy evening. Sturdy, portable, and the little extra weight is worth the investment if you ever want to put a music book (rather than single sheet music) on your stand. So far they seem awesome. Just what I need. 
Bag was ripped so I almost lost the screw and washer. Yea how could a music stand be amazing?  Well compared to those worthless folding portable pieces of junk- this is a godsent. Very sturdy and well made stand and adjusts very easily even for a 12 year old. It stays where you set it and works wonderfully. 
Got to play with it but I got dialed in easy. Can get all of the reverb sounds you want. Didn't want to spend $150 for a reverb so gave this a try. Nice reverb. 
I sure wish I could afford a Fender Twin Reverb with the old spring reverb. It has a 3 way toggle, that changes it from hall, spring and room verbs. I own the holier grail. For &lt; $75 shipped I certainly can't complain. 
I sure wish I could afford a Fender Twin Reverb with the old spring reverb. It has a 3 way toggle, that changes it from hall, spring and room verbs. I own the holier grail. For &lt; $75 shipped I certainly can't complain. 
it is what i expected it to be. I have been happy with all my purchases from GLS to date and will continue to use them whenever the need arises. This GLS Mic cable is working well. They're good quality cable and will go a long way if you will take care of it. 
The build quality appears good and should be much harder for my son to break. They're good quality cable and will go a long way if you will take care of it. I needed a new microphone cable due to my son destroying the last one so this decided to invest more in a higher quality cable. I've been using GLS cable for years now and I never had a problem with it. 
I've only need to use this a couple of times and it worked well. The build quality appears good and should be much harder for my son to break. They're good quality cable and will go a long way if you will take care of it. I've been using GLS cable for years now and I never had a problem with it. 
fits my tenor uke and violin just fine. Light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped. Hope this helps. It's just an imperfect design. 
fits my tenor uke and violin just fine. Not great but better. You may think you can bend the lower forks, but it's hard to do, will require a vice, and if you see on the Amazon pictures, the lower fork just sits in two plastic grooves, so if you splay it out like it should be, you'll change the way it fits in the grooves, and thus it won;t work at all. All Hercules stuff is superb, and my friend has one for his uke and says it's sublime (I don't own it, myself, so I just present this so you can research it and it's reviews on Amazon). 
This small stand does not hold most all ukes. The 'protective' materails on the stand to keep product from scratching your instrument are the soft, shiny runner like materail and it 'sticks' to my instrument's neck. So I pick up uke and I get a stand until the stickiness is seprated by gravity. Why?  The twin forks at the base that hold the instrument are both too narrow, and the curve downward from the stand is not proper for this uke. 
Not great but better. All Hercules stuff is superb, and my friend has one for his uke and says it's sublime (I don't own it, myself, so I just present this so you can research it and it's reviews on Amazon). Reality is that it is not that good regardless of mine being broken. Light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped. 
Hope this helps. Light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped. Oh, well, for once, I got cheap. Thus, any uke that is concert size or greater. 
I bought an Ibanez Concert size uke. Surprisingly heavy, and not one that you will be lugging around day to day in your uke gig bag, trust me. This stand is useful for small instruments. This small stand does not hold most all ukes. 
My take on it, your mileage may vary. My uke does not fit well in the stand. So I pick up uke and I get a stand until the stickiness is seprated by gravity. One stand can't fit all instruments, but my full size guitar stands hold most all guitars. 
I am mostly happy with this amp, it sounds great for my acoustic amplification needs. I heard a buddy preforming with this with a drummer and bass and went and bought it the next day. Other than that, this is a great amp. This may seem a nit pick, but considering the universality of this feature, you are best advised to know it is not present in this amp. 
Wish this amp had an effects loop as any budget half rack unit will sound better. Recommend without hesitation!  And as with all my reviews if something goes wrong down the road I'll edit the review to share. With that said, when I was shopping around for an amp, both online and in person, ALL the amps I tried and read about (both very expensive and very cheap amps) had one characteristic in common, which is missing from this one, and which I thought was universal: it doesn't allow you to connect a headphone for private practicing, I had to purchase a headphone amp separately, wasn't expecting that. And it is much lighter and slightly smaller than my TA50R. 
Is the Mini sent from heaven?PIEZO TONE: I jacked in my Takamine LTD2012 Classical and Hirade TH8SS (classicals with Cool Tubes preamps) and with tone controls set flat and had my ears pinned back with shockingly powerful output. So I diddled the controls and it improved a bit but I couldn't dial in a pleasing tone. The Mini lacks phantom power so I installed a battery in my Shure 849 condenser mic, set tone controls flat and was greeted with surprisingly natural mic tone. As a point of comparison, the Mini whips my TA50R good in terms of mic output and tone. 
I have used Roland and Fender amps and PA's. As a dedicated nylon-string player, I'm always looking for the holy grail of amps. Perhaps these other amps have additional processing to naturalize and de-piezo the tone? They cost more than the Mini so they gotta earn their keep somehow. I also tested my Fishman Aura Spectrum D. 
JUST AMAZING. Great vocal and guitar sounds. I heard a buddy preforming with this with a drummer and bass and went and bought it the next day. As I said, the wedding was outdoors and everyone complimented me on the Wedding March, so I know they heard me - and I didn't even have to crank up the volume. 
I thought it would protect my desk but the pad is almost like that rubber they put under rugs so they won't slip around. I accidently bought LARGE, ooh boy is it; like, windshield sun reflector size. Grey color makes it easy to easy to see small parts, etc, as opposed to some black mats where black objects are hard to differentiate. I used it to whenever I am changing guitar strings and whenever I am tuning and intonating my Fender Strat. 
I wasn't sure what to expect, and the foam rubber was a bit of a let down, especially when I took it from the plastic. I used it to whenever I am changing guitar strings and whenever I am tuning and intonating my Fender Strat. I was happy to see that there was no apparent smudging or marking after two hours. It's very soft and padded as well as anti static. 
Sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose. The surface is perfect (no rolling away of screws, no scratching of the guitar shiny finish, perfect). Grey color makes it easy to easy to see small parts, etc, as opposed to some black mats where black objects are hard to differentiate. I used it to whenever I am changing guitar strings and whenever I am tuning and intonating my Fender Strat. 
For the size and utility, the price (which goes up and down) seems reasonable. For now I will just leave it as flat is possible so it doesn't curl so much. For now, it's great. I wasn't sure what to expect, and the foam rubber was a bit of a let down, especially when I took it from the plastic. 
I use this little guy for electric guitars, and could see it being perfect for acoustic guitars, as it barely takes up any room at all in a case or gig bag. It's dead accurate, doesn't bounce around like dial needle tuners, and it's EASY TO READ!  You just clip it to your headstock, either acoustic or electric, turn it on, position the face toward you and start tuning very quickly. This is the best clip on tuner out there. There are other tuners by Snark that are more sensitive to lower ranges and higher ranges, so check out what suits your needs. 
Seem like it needs more resonant vibration to register the sound. Sometimes you just need to whack the tuner a bit, and it's okay. This device just clips to the guitar and tuning is easy. Tuning a guitar is difficult for a novice. 
I have a built in tuner, but the Snark is so easy to use and inexpensive, it is a great deal. Another thing is the price point, which is simply amazing. I only gave it 4 stars because I wish the built in Metronome made a noise you could hear as you play. The visibility of the screen is amazing, and I can see it even with the sun reflecting off of it, or in a completely dark room. 
I have a more "sophisticated" tuner and the Snark works faster and is much easier to use. Easy to use. Easy to use and accurate. The Snark SN-1 is small, accurate and easy to use. 
This tuner works great, easy to attach, turn on and adjusting the guitar to each individual string, is as easy as one two three. I have them all, and they all work great!. Very useful. It does know when your guitar is in tune! Does it for you so you don't have to do it by ear. 
It's easy to setup out of the box and can tune via vibration or microphone. It is very easy to use, the tuning via vibration is spectacular in a noisy environment. I've tried other brands and they don't swivel  correctly. Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. 
The tuner works well in both mic and vibration mode. They also work well with acoustical guitar. I received my tuner yesterday very fast shipping,it looks great,  the price is right, but most of all it works wonderful, very easy to use and small enough to carry in my guitar case. They are the best I have found for Fiddle and Mandolin. 
It is well made and stays on without falling off. It appears sturdy, and the clamp appears soft enough not to scratch your instrument. Handy, well made, small, easy to see. Very good product overall, not to mention the reasonable price. 
I received my tuner yesterday very fast shipping,it looks great,  the price is right, but most of all it works wonderful, very easy to use and small enough to carry in my guitar case. The tuner works well in both mic and vibration mode. This tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner. I got this one so I could use it to tune my guitars a ukulele and a violin. 
Great little tuner. This tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner. I received my tuner yesterday very fast shipping,it looks great,  the price is right, but most of all it works wonderful, very easy to use and small enough to carry in my guitar case. The tuner works well in both mic and vibration mode. 
Tight tuning and easily used. Easy to see when positioned correctly. And it has the fastest and best response of any tuner I've ever used. And this inexpensive tuner is the best one I've ever used by a long way. 
Easy to work with and also easy to find. This tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner. Great little tuner. this tuner is great best buy works so well I highly recommend this Tuner can't buy a better tuner for less money. 
I have not had any problems with it; Not that I can remember. There is also amic holder. Pretty simple, it does what it's supposed to do. I would recommend it if you need a table top mic stand or one just off the floor about a foot. 
This is a very well built stand, even with its slim design, which also comes with a nice carrying case. Paid $7. If you have a big lopsided kick drum mic  with a skinny neck and akward COG(AKG D112), this stand will not be able to hold it up. Will not likely stand up to a gusty wind, so use it indoors only. 
Cons1. That said, do it wrong and plunk. Very good for light, portable set ups. It is so small that it cannot hold all mics. 
As a result, I feel I'm  either too tall or too short. The reason is it's not designed properly. I will probably get another. Build quality is fine and its price can not get beaten. 
I will probably get another. This was so inexpensive I couldn't pass it up. This is it. Tripod legs are stable and also adjusts up and down to about 15 inches or so. 
Also, it's way to tall if you want to sit and use it as a PC mic. I would never have had room to use full sized instrument mic stands in some of the tiny stages I have seen this summer. It's lightweight but VERY stable, even with a heavy bass drum mic. I love this because it has allowed me to mic things in really really tight spaces. 
I would buy again when I'm ready to replace the one I have or add to it. I would recommend it if you need a table top mic stand or one just off the floor about a foot. One for the stand and and one for a mic. Also holds a big mic, if you position the legs right; completely open with the mic parallel to a leg. 
But if you're willing to tweak with the input and output line levels as well as your speaker or headphone volume settings, you may find a happy medium that you can live with. its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well. I had a very hard time fining a tone I could live with, plus, once you add any of the virtual pedals, the feedback was rediculous. Great idea!. 
If you want to record what you play, you're probably better off saving some money and buying the Boss recorder or something like that. its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well. If you own an iphone/ipod touch and play guitar or bass you need this one. It's affordable, and does the same thing as more expensive adapters. 
If you want to record what you play, you're probably better off saving some money and buying the Boss recorder or something like that. Against my better judgement I brought the Slash Amplitube app just to satisfy my curiosity and let me tell you is much much better. No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. Don't know if a better quality jack on the iRig would've solved this problem or not. 
I think it is "too polluting" for 'low cost' items to waste again in paper box, transportation, restocking work, refund work and so on. No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. I am giving this two stars because it did work on my friend's iPhone 4. There is definitely a connection and communication because the mic and sample track work, but that's about it. 
A question to AMAZON: Companies producing objects that are nothing else than a lemon shouldn't be prosecuted?P. for the price id expect a more durable product. its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well. I bought this because I had a new baby at home and this allowed me to practice without rocking disturbing her. 
The app that comes with it seems to be very sound and well designed. I guess the tittle of this review stands, the free app sucks but if you pay for it it'll be actually useful. The sound is incredible. Against my better judgement I brought the Slash Amplitube app just to satisfy my curiosity and let me tell you is much much better. 
If you want to record what you play, you're probably better off saving some money and buying the Boss recorder or something like that. If anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, I will re-rate the product. Also is very uncomfortable to use since you are surrounded by all those cables. If you look, you can usually find the HD somewhere for $80; a $50 difference is significant, but the jump in quality (and likely longevity of the product) is definitely worth it. 
I bought it so that I could play along the songs that I have on my Ipod but the guitar sounds really distorted (don't thing I haven't tried changing the settings on the effects/amps). works as described on the ipad. its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well. If you own an iphone/ipod touch and play guitar or bass you need this one. 
No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. But for my purposes with a 3Gs, it is a brick. If anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, I will re-rate the product. I added two stars to the product. 
I've used 4 different brands of clip-on tuners to tune my Classical guitars and electric basses, but this tuner is the most accurate. Sat on my Snark - Good tuner but takes some patience. Far better off purchasing a cheap Snark tuner that if lost or broken wouldn't be a big deal to replace and is accurate enough for most peoples use. This tuner is accurate and I have even successfully set the intonation on a couple of my instruments using it (although it is not intended for this purpose). 
UPDATE:The battery life is short as noted by another reviewer. If it's short of center, the string is flat. If it's past center, the string is sharp. It works flawlessly on solid body and acoustic instruments. 
I also use one on My Pedal Board, Wouldn't use anything else !!!!!!. Far better off purchasing a cheap Snark tuner that if lost or broken wouldn't be a big deal to replace and is accurate enough for most peoples use. No quick tuning, but great for exact tuning if you are recording etc. comes in a very cool metal box which protects it nicely when traveling or not using it. 
It captures the note immediately without errors, whether the low E on an electric bass guitar or the high E on my classical guitar. It works flawlessly on solid body and acoustic instruments. )It may well be, and others may report, that the SC-1's feature set make it ideal for other situations. It is fast enough to use real time during intonation practice/training on fretless bass. 
I also use one on My Pedal Board, Wouldn't use anything else !!!!!!. it works very well. comes in a very cool metal box which protects it nicely when traveling or not using it. Far better off purchasing a cheap Snark tuner that if lost or broken wouldn't be a big deal to replace and is accurate enough for most peoples use. 
Its a very nice way to ensure all your pedals are powered properly. im buying 3 more and it will work, only with this!! Thats why i say this is the best on the world!. And ive noticed it helps cut down on excessive noise generated by pedals with when cheaper power sources are in use. Weird thing was that the switches for voltage options were installed upside down. 
this power up my 12 pedals i got in my pedal board and i can even power more. Weird thing was that the switches for voltage options were installed upside down. Its a very nice way to ensure all your pedals are powered properly. when i first saw this i believed it was only for 6 pedals but it turns out it can power up A LOT pedals better than any power supply out there. 
Just get it. Outlet 6 is a 12V AC outlet for pedals that require AC power. I wish the power cable for the supply was longer but its nothing an extension cable cant fix. 6 isolated outputs delivering 300mA each (centre pin is negative) AC output at connector 6. 
I picked up an old Boss ME-6B that required the Boss BRA-120 power supply. Will power all pedals. Being that those wallwart power supplies go for around  thirty dollars, I wasn't interested. when i first saw this i believed it was only for 6 pedals but it turns out it can power up A LOT pedals better than any power supply out there. 
For the money ; ). By was I wrong. I couldn't put it down, I have experience playing really, really expensive guitars. The pockets are very handy. 
one of the best purchases I've made for the money. VERY HAPPY!!. There were some minor flaws in the finish, but for the money spent, this is a real workhorse and plays great!. Thank You. 
VERY HAPPY!!. All in all. I bought a second one. It's my best acoustic currently! This thing sounds like, sustains, and holds its' own tune like a similar $2000. 
I really like that it plays easily and has a good sound to it. one of the best purchases I've made for the money. Electronics are just volume, and tone but it rocks my little battery powered Honeytone amp. I believe I've rated this instrument before. 
The pockets are very handy. The electronics are just fine on the guitar I got. one of the best purchases I've made for the money. I really like that it plays easily and has a good sound to it. 
There were some minor flaws in the finish, but for the money spent, this is a real workhorse and plays great!. For the money ; ). one of the best purchases I've made for the money. By was I wrong. 
VERY HAPPY!!. I did have to adjust the string action down a bit, but hey, that goes with the territory. This is a good beginner or intermediate guitar but if you play for profit get something better. The pockets are very handy. 
For the money ; ). one of the best purchases I've made for the money. By was I wrong. There were some minor flaws in the finish, but for the money spent, this is a real workhorse and plays great!. 
This was because bare metal would react with the salt and sweat from my fingers and oxidize (similar to the Statue of Liberty). I would highly recommend for any acoustic guitar. The defining feature of this product is the coating which is meant to prevent moisture from causing this reaction. My fingers have stopped turning green; proof that the product works! I have yet to buy another set of strings. 
But if you stop by with a nice Twin Reverb, I'd give up my Mustang. This thing sounds way bigger than it looks and way better than its price would suggest. This morning I opened the outside doors and cranked it all the way up to about half volume. ) Beyond the halfway setting, it would've hurt my ears. 
To my amazement it sound like a smaller version of my Deluxe! Fender really got close with the modeling. I may use someone else's uploaded presets and play with the various options later on. Fender Fuse is very simple to use and once you get the hang of it you can get more detailed & advanced with your settings to get the tone you desire. One last thing you can purchase a one button foot pedal (about $20)the Fender mustang 1&2 can only USE the 1 button foot pedal the foot pedals that uses 2 buttons or up can only be use by Fender Mustangs 3 & up REMEMBER THIS!. 
I explored the FUSE software and the potential is almost endless. Does it's job very nicely. You will need time to read the manual and learn the settings making it fun to see what kind of effects you can get. Beginner/Intermediate level player would be very pleased!  The best part is, it's not at all complex to learn the features. 
You'll always miss that tube sag but the crispness and snap is all there, especially on the Bassman settings. (The '65 Twin Reverb on the Orange Level is by far my favorite. My Strats sound so damn good through this on clean settings, and my PRS absolutely smokes with real lease-breaking volume on Super-Sonic (dial the gain way back for a nice low-throttle roar). I just need some basic sound and some simple tweeking here and there. 
Setting it emulate a twin reverb, with the effects used lightly, I am amazed at both the quality of this 'practise amp' and recommend this to anybody who wants a huge bang for their buck!!!. But if you stop by with a nice Twin Reverb, I'd give up my Mustang. I really like the Bassman and Twin Reverb settings. Built in tuner and added foot switch makes it good for stage. 
But I realized that I'm a music snob! I love the music I listen to more than anything, and feel like the music I create should have a life to it as well. This amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which I read on fender's own forum/website, FENDER ACKNOWLEDGES IT EXISTS, BUT DOES NOTHING TO FIX IT IN FUTURE MODELS!! sorry, but that's some big company b. Also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people I've read the complaints I was trying not to realize, as I didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, BUT I DID!And I am so glad I did. Go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google. 
There is plenty to keep you occupied on this amp without ever plugging it into a computer. It is easy and straight forward to see what you need to do to tweak your sound just by turning knobs. There are some decent metal tones to download on the FUSE, but the real strength of this amp is Vintage tones. Nothing is going to match the sound of a really great Fender Tube amp. 
I originally bought the Mustang I for my 9 year old son to be his first practice amp and when we hooked it up for him, I could hardly let him play. if you want to bring an amp to practice that weighs a fraction of what your Fender Tube amps weighs, the mustang is a great choice. If you are in the market for a cheap, reliable modeling amp that is less cost than a Digitec RP500 pedal, you owe yourself to look at this thing. For the Tube amp snobs. 
I've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and I was like "what music snobs" and what have you. Then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away. When I first got it I liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first I thought it was great. I couldn't ask for more. 
Of course you can't drive it very hard or the distortion gets to be too much, but if you keepit low it works very nicely and the price makes it very attractive. Great purchase. The Amp works really well and he was thrilled with the price of it. Good basic first amp. 
Of course you can't drive it very hard or the distortion gets to be too much, but if you keepit low it works very nicely and the price makes it very attractive. Built is good and the power of the sound is sufficient. This can't be used for concert or gigs but for use in private/family use or maybe inside a church. I use the amp in my shop when testing out new guitar configurations (Pickups) on the flyand then if it sounds OK go to the big boys in my blues room. 
Actually, it's loud enoucht for home. Rogue G10 10W Guitar Combo Amp Black is good small amp for practicing. Built is good and the power of the sound is sufficient. A good solid piece of equipment with great tone and control! It came extremely well packed. 
Great for practicing in the bedroom without bothering everyone in the house!  Compact size makes storage easy. Of course you can't drive it very hard or the distortion gets to be too much, but if you keepit low it works very nicely and the price makes it very attractive. Great purchase. The amp will reach its max in short order, but again, for what it is and the price, it ishard to find an equal. 
So it may not be what professionals use or anything like that but it gets the job done which is all I asked. I use the amp in my shop when testing out new guitar configurations (Pickups) on the flyand then if it sounds OK go to the big boys in my blues room. Good basic first amp. A nice little amp to rock out with. 
This can't be used for concert or gigs but for use in private/family use or maybe inside a church. So it may not be what professionals use or anything like that but it gets the job done which is all I asked. Built is good and the power of the sound is sufficient. I use the amp in my shop when testing out new guitar configurations (Pickups) on the flyand then if it sounds OK go to the big boys in my blues room. 
This can't be used for concert or gigs but for use in private/family use or maybe inside a church. So it may not be what professionals use or anything like that but it gets the job done which is all I asked. Great for practicing in the bedroom without bothering everyone in the house!  Compact size makes storage easy. Not too heavy and very handy for traveling. 
This can't be used for concert or gigs but for use in private/family use or maybe inside a church. I use the amp in my shop when testing out new guitar configurations (Pickups) on the flyand then if it sounds OK go to the big boys in my blues room. Not too heavy and very handy for traveling. Built is good and the power of the sound is sufficient. 
The amp will reach its max in short order, but again, for what it is and the price, it ishard to find an equal. Of course you can't drive it very hard or the distortion gets to be too much, but if you keepit low it works very nicely and the price makes it very attractive. I thought that this may be just a joke but it turns out that it's a nice little portable amp. Great for practicing in the bedroom without bothering everyone in the house!  Compact size makes storage easy. 
When unplugging it just be careful and it'll last a lot longer. I had to pay shipping back the old one to them even though it was a defective product. I'm looking to upgrade after a month. The size of this makes it awesome for carrying around and it all works great. 
I could have got a lot better midi controller, but for the money, this one suits my band's needs just fine. Touch sensitive keys are great although they are mini keys. I researched a ton before I bought this one. Want better drum pads. 
I researched a ton before I bought this one. HATE the mini USB jack since those connections rarely last. For this price it is a 'Do Not Recommend' for me. It is perfect. 
I could have got a lot better midi controller, but for the money, this one suits my band's needs just fine. I researched a ton before I bought this one. This is great for anyone wanting to create music while traveling. You have to use a lot of pressure on the pads, but oh well. 
Wrote to dealer that was listed as selling it to me thru Amazon only to have them tell me the wrong seller was listed. And I have to really hammer on them to trigger. Hurts after a while. Likes:+ Size+ Assignable knobs. 
This is great for anyone wanting to create music while traveling. I use this to record my band and other songs into garage band. Touch sensitive keys are great although they are mini keys. This is actually a huge problem, once the plug stops working your out of a controller. 
There is no modulation wheel but you do get crappy unresponsive pads and cheap knobs. With drum pads, I basically either get 0 velocity, or max. You have to use a lot of pressure on the pads, but oh well. Want better drum pads. 
I may trade it in for an upgrade at some point, but overall I'm very happy with the keyboard. Then it had some stuck notes. I know it's not the best controller but it's good if your on a limited budget. Then it stopped being recognized at all. 
First, keys are not my best instrument to play, just a beginner, I'm a professional guitarist. Then it stopped being recognized at all. very good deal for newbies like me!!!. Works great with my Mac Book Pro and Logic Pro X. 
It still got power from the USB bus, but no MIDI, no sound. So, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective USB port on the back. 1 and an M-Audio Axiom 61 semi-weighted and they're both fine when I'm just playing standalone or recording audio or MIDI. Then it had some stuck notes. 
Works great with my Mac Book Pro and Logic Pro X. Shipping was fast! Got to me in two days! And it's a great midi controller! I use it for fl studio to make beats, I just plugged it in and I set a timer to get good timing ratios for it and it installed in 8. however I have loaded the software on my laptop. Then it had some stuck notes. 
I opted for the 25 key strictly for space considerations and, while the down/up octave shift keys are easy and intuitive to use, I often wish I'd gone for a larger model to get wider voicings. Then it had some stuck notes. I have not used it yet so I can't say much. Shipping was fast! Got to me in two days! And it's a great midi controller! I use it for fl studio to make beats, I just plugged it in and I set a timer to get good timing ratios for it and it installed in 8. 
Works great with my Mac Book Pro and Logic Pro X. But I wanted something with a lighter touch for entering notation and experimenting with soft synth sounds, when my focus is more on writing and software than on playing, per se. Shipping was fast! Got to me in two days! And it's a great midi controller! I use it for fl studio to make beats, I just plugged it in and I set a timer to get good timing ratios for it and it installed in 8. however I have loaded the software on my laptop. 
Plugged it into the Macbook Pro, fired up GarageBand and right away it's MIDI connectivity was intermittent. So, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective USB port on the back. very good deal for newbies like me!!!. Then it stopped being recognized at all. 
This review is my honest opinion. When it dies i will buy another one. Good string action out of the box. That's where they're wrong! You have to actually play one to understand what I'm talking about. 
It sounds as good or better as my old school ovation that cost three times as much. New to guitars, but in 24hrs. It was packed well and didn't have any damage on it. You cannot use this for performance of any kind, but for yourself, friends and family around the campsite or wherever, it is perfect!. 
New to guitars, but in 24hrs. I want at least one more of these to carry around with me everywhere I go. I have played it with the strings it came with and as a guitarist for 20 years I can attest to the fact that this is a great practice guitar or for taking to the James river. Good string action out of the box. 
If you want a cheap guitar that sounds great, I totally recommend this one. The top fret on the fretboard has some extra glue on it, but it doesn't affect the performance of the guitar. I have played it with the strings it came with and as a guitarist for 20 years I can attest to the fact that this is a great practice guitar or for taking to the James river. I was a bit skeptical about the quality of the guitar when I was thinking about buying it, but I read all the review on it and decided to give a shot. 
I am extremely happy with this purchase. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with my purchase. Great for the price. When it dies i will buy another one. 
The sound is excellent even with the strings they provide which seem like medium weight. The pick guard looks a bit cheap, but that's just nitpicking. The Ibanez is heavy where this Rogue is light as a feather and it did not cost a lot of money. It was packed well and didn't have any damage on it. 
it loses tune by a whole note in a few strings. I have played it with the strings it came with and as a guitarist for 20 years I can attest to the fact that this is a great practice guitar or for taking to the James river. 99 in late Nov 2012) that it wouldn't be a big deal if it was a crap guitar because I bought it to play around with while I visit my family in CA. Nice looking full size guitar with adjustable truss rod and good sound deep tone. 
It has a remote to control it. This unit is of high quality, though. It comes with a remote that works great, but has an antenna to pull up if needed, which seems like old technology. It is a compact well built unit with a power switch on the back and a small fan to keep it cool. 
We purchased two of these, and one arrived with some minor issues, constant humming regardless of volume or EQ settings. Lots of juice, easy settings, very clean sound with all the horsepower you would need. Specs-Input: 1/4" Mono (not a tip and ring jack)Controls: Volume/Gain and selectable Volume 3-EQ range knobs. These amps power two Squier(tm) by Fender electric guitarsSquier by Fender Bullet Strat with Tremolo Bundle with Strings, Pick Card, and Polishing Cloth - Black, Rosewood Fretboardand do a great job. 
Go with this one. I get a little feedback every so often, occasionally it's a little overly sensitive to my volume control on the guitar,  but not enough to submarine this power packed amp. Cons--Units run hot and cold as to quality, but if it works out of the box, it's good, if not, you'll know it as soon as you power it up. -Quality finish (leatherette with steel corners) and good construction, 6" heavy duty lead guitar speaker-Excellent sound and electronics for ANY amp under $100. 
Not sure if that is normal or if it was just omitted from the unit I received. This is my first amp, which I am using with my new Applause AE148-RRB Acoustic Electric Guitar (also purchased from Amazon). There is some question about sound quality and variation in quality. Specs-Input: 1/4" Mono (not a tip and ring jack)Controls: Volume/Gain and selectable Volume 3-EQ range knobs. 
I used to work for an amp manufacturer so I know these things happen and I don't think less of Ampeg, (at least not yet). Unfortunately, from the moment I plugged it in there was this phaser-like effect to the sound. This is my second one, the first one went two years with zero problems, and I beat it up nearly every day gigging at small venues and just plain abusing it. i cant believe how much sound comes out of this box. 
it took it well. i cant believe how much sound comes out of this box. Nothing helped. I tried all different knob and EQ settings as well. 
Highly recommended!. I read the positive reviews and the Ampeg name carries some weight. The customer service is so easy and immediate it's worth the piece of mind. For $99 it's packed with cool features like an effects send, a CD in, a Line out for hooking up to a PA and a headphone out for quiet practice. 
I really liked the sound. Then after two weeks it developed an annoying metallic rattle inside the case. I tried all different combinations of all of those things and still the spacey phase-shifter sound came out. This is my second one, the first one went two years with zero problems, and I beat it up nearly every day gigging at small venues and just plain abusing it. 
but it sounds great as ampeg always has, heavy duty built perfect for house jamming and practice amp. I had visions of voiding the warranty and being stuck with an amp I couldn't play. I didn't feel comfortable opening up a new amp and trying to trouble shoot it myself. Highly recommended!. 
For $99 it's packed with cool features like an effects send, a CD in, a Line out for hooking up to a PA and a headphone out for quiet practice. I upgraded my review based on the replacement I received. They immediately started the process of shipping me a new one as soon as I filled out the return UPS label. Only reason i gave it four stars is it is advertised to lean back and mine does not. 
Highly recommended!. But a guess is just a guess and I didn't want to test that guess by throwing more money at Ampeg, so the Fender Bronco got my money. it took it well. see below. 
If there is a choice between Amazon. It has 25 watts, a line out for outputting to a PA system or bass cabinet, and an effects loop for adding effects pedals. I read the positive reviews and the Ampeg name carries some weight. For those looking for a solid, well made bass amp to step up to from the cheapies that usually come with beginner bass set ups, this is a hard one to beat. 
That helps you understand a lot,. whatever is warranted. You can even work it into your live performances. Or, one of our songs has a train whistle in the background. 
Laying down a 'track' or musical run of notes, then building another one over the top of that, and then another, and another once was only able to be done in a studio. Check for sales or demos. The instructions could be written much better but I really like having one of these, in fact, I'll probably get a second one to tie to the first one so I can include more instruments. or play along to develop my 'chops',. 
Laying down a 'track' or musical run of notes, then building another one over the top of that, and then another, and another once was only able to be done in a studio. The thing to remember is that whatever effect you are using for the lead, will kick in on any recording playback as they use the same input jack. whatever is warranted. The drummer is drunk and the rhythm guitar is late. 
Maybe those folksshould shell out an additional $300 for something better. The thing to remember is that whatever effect you are using for the lead, will kick in on any recording playback as they use the same input jack. Otherwise, easy and a great product. whatever is warranted. 
Check for sales or demos. whatever is warranted. get this RC 3 model for the memory banks and ability to store the banks later. I can get a couple of rhythm lines going, then have the ability to begin developing a bass lead line to suit,. 
If the "S", "M" and "R" buttons lit up in different colors (all lights are red), it would make this unit more useful as a performance controller in my opinion, but as it stands, this budget mixer/performance control surface is well worth $50!. Dials and sliders work smoothly. Though it has no motorized faders, it doesn't make my work uncomfortable at all. Next, I set this up to control Peff's Directre Rack Extension, and it's a blast!The transport buttons did correctly automap to Reason's transport controls, so you can record, play, stop, fast forward and reverse from the nanoKontrol2. 
I am happy with it!. I have plugged and installed usb driver and dedicated software in a few seconds. I use it with Reaper. For the price it's a really good deal. 
The buttons are soft, dense rubber, like a pad controller, and light up when they are pressed. First off, I'd like to address any construction concerns. Buy it!!. If the "S", "M" and "R" buttons lit up in different colors (all lights are red), it would make this unit more useful as a performance controller in my opinion, but as it stands, this budget mixer/performance control surface is well worth $50!. 
Now I have 8 channels of automation & stop, back, record, play etc. READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!I do not recomend downloading the KORG software if used for SONAR XL. First off, I'd like to address any construction concerns. The case is rigid plastic, as are the rotary knobs and faders, and everything seems pretty solid (I like the travel feel in the faders - not a lot of resistance, but not flimsy-feeling either). 
Now I have 8 channels of automation & stop, back, record, play etc. I then let Windows 7 Plug & Play the Drivers (No Disk Needed). Windows 7 install worked fine. When I opened the box was surprised as I didn't notice the usb cable. 
Windows 7 install worked fine. It is working fine. Nano is small but quite durable. I have connected it to a Reaper and Protools software and it's just working perfect!I recommend it to home studios, also those who travel with recording gear. 
I use Mixcraft Pro 6 and it's working well. When I opened the box was surprised as I didn't notice the usb cable. Easy to set up. I have connected it to a Reaper and Protools software and it's just working perfect!I recommend it to home studios, also those who travel with recording gear. 
But totally muddied up my lead distortion tone (even though it was in my fx loop). It's also true bypass which is very useful for gigging musicians who want to keep their rack as noiseless as possible and their signal as strong as possible from beginning to end. Just that its delays may be modeled better and it has a rich feature set. Buy this if you are chasing tone, you won't be disappointed. 
This is priced comparably to the Carbon Copy, but it has so many more features (I guess that's expected of a digital delay) that I couldn't pass it up. It's also true bypass which is very useful for gigging musicians who want to keep their rack as noiseless as possible and their signal as strong as possible from beginning to end. Highly recommended!. Similar to the other TC product that I purchased (Corona Chorus), this sounds great, it's feature rich, and easy to use. 
I run two amps when I play (often) and the ping pong is delightful for me. It's also true bypass which is very useful for gigging musicians who want to keep their rack as noiseless as possible and their signal as strong as possible from beginning to end. Being Toneprint enabled is a 100% plus. just too digital and uninspiring!I was debating springing an insane amount of money on the strymon timeline, when I found this pedal. 
Skip if looking for presets, tap tempo etc. Presets, tap tempo and a nice feature set. Digital delays were clear sounding but. works well with my marshall,Has a lot of feautures and is very versitale. 
I couldn't get the repeats to duck under the main signal3) Nova Delay : I really wanted to like this. Analog dry signal thru with digital delay !! This is what the magic sauce is in my opinion. just too digital and uninspiring!I was debating springing an insane amount of money on the strymon timeline, when I found this pedal. This is by far the best delay effects box I've ever used and it has so much potential that it'll take you hours to get through ever possible sound this baby offers. 
I ended up returning the whole shooting match. Of course, if you are just recording talk for podcasts, you probably won't care. (It scored higher than the Blue Mikey and Blue Snowflake in my auditions. Just got this today and I'm experiencing serious install issues. 
I have purchased an adapter to use it with my iPad so I can play with Garage Band, and know it will be great for future screencasts. You can use the integrated headset port to monitor your voice and adjust levels with a dial that rotates around the mute button on the front. SUPER usb mic!  I use this when I broadcast from streetjelly. I've been happy with theSamson Go Mic Compact USB Microphone - Plug n' Playfor use with my desktop and laptop PCs. 
Of this latter group, the cardioid microphone is perhaps the most popular, as it picks up almost exclusively the desired sound while ambient noise is hardly noticeable. I do a lot of usability testing for various websites, and it's imperative that clients are able to clearly hear my explanations via voice without background noise, pops, hisses or similar. "  (My apologies to those pros out there who didn't need this clarification. The Meteor's sound is great as far as I'm concerned, but I'm not a professional audio engineer, so I'm not going to try to tell you that this is the equal of a $1,200 Sennheiser studio microphone. 
Less portable than the Samson Go Mic, the stand does fold neatly onto the mic for easy transport in the included soft pouch. )Having used the Samson Go Mic USB Compact Mic for a few months, I was familiar with the Samson brand prior to receiving this mic through the Amazon Vine program. I set it a few feet away from my amp and this mic picks up the sound and send a super clean and clear signal. What more could you want?  The Samson Meteor Mic USB Studio Microphone is a cardioid mic that is easy to set up and use, with great pick up for desktop podcasts, user testing, screencasting and similar. 
But if you want to mount this mic in a shock-absorbing rig (I'm using a scissor-arm suspension boom with shock mount), you'll find the body is too short for the shock mount's sleeve to grip, and the three legs get in the way. If your primary considerations are convenience and portability, the Samson Go mic sounds almost as good as the Meteor and is unmatched in size, convenience and portability. I set it a few feet away from my amp and this mic picks up the sound and send a super clean and clear signal. The price of the Samson Meteor USB mic, a fairly recent entry, has come down to the point of being fairly valued (initially, I was seeing it going for prices above the better-sounding Blue Yeti mic). 
The included USB cable is also of ample length for easy set-up in a multitude of situations. Of course, if you are just recording talk for podcasts, you probably won't care. My only disappointment is in the lack of an included software package, which other Samson products (as mentioned) have packaged with them. I have to say that the Samson Meteor is a touch better, offering clear, crisp recording and reproduction. 
13-------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought another guitarlele (this time from Amazon) and it is exactly like the one I purchased a few years ago. The package includes a black nylon gig bag. It seems to be well constructed, the tuning gears work well, the action is good, frets are inserted straight and level so I really can't find anything to complain about, especially for the price. I bet if you bought one you would like it. 
You can use a capo with this instrument. It gives a gently subdued tone, that is perfect for playing any time, even accompanying music on the TV whilst the family are watching. I bet if you bought one you would like it. The construction quality on my copy is tiptop except for a minute area (where the neck meets the soundboard), which is lighter in color because it missed an application of wood stain (not a big deal really). 
I have had way more fun with this little guy in the last couple of weeks than I had with my twelve string in the last six months. I bet if you bought one you would like it. A reviewer suggested using an extra hard, high tension string like theD'Addario Extra Hard Tension Classical Guitar Stringsto get around the floppiness on the E-A-D-G-B-E turning. I take this bad boy with me everywhere to satify my need to pick 6 strings. 
That low cost is obvious. That's where the Yamaha really falls short. It's tuned to ADGCEA rather than EADGBE. Had I seen the Cordoba and Yamaha side by side, I'd have bought and kept the Cordoba. 
MyKyser Capoworks on it just fine. great for takin to the beach or on the boat or to entertain yourself on long car rides. This is a great value for a practice and travel instrument. It's like a mini classical guitar, except the recommended tuning is A-D-G-C-E-A (A-D, followed by the standard G-C-E-A tuning on a 4-string Ukulele), but it can also be turned to E-A-D-G-B-E (standard tuning on a guitar). 
13-------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought another guitarlele (this time from Amazon) and it is exactly like the one I purchased a few years ago. It seems to be well constructed, the tuning gears work well, the action is good, frets are inserted straight and level so I really can't find anything to complain about, especially for the price. So here's the breakdown on tuning each string:6th = A5th = D4th = G3rd = C2nd = E1st = AYou really need to to tune it this way because otherwise the strings are too floppy and you won't get that beautiful ukulele voice. However, and this is VERY important so please read carefully:  To get the best sound out of your new guitarlele you must tune each string up in pitch. 
TC toneprint is very much a novelty, a very useful one at that if you want to dial in some really nice presets. I was looking for trippy modern hifidelity effects on my guitar. This is one of the best pedals I have on my board. It is part of &#34;my sound&#34;. 
Don't ask me how it works, but it does. It has exceeded my expectations. I watched the Youtube demos and liked what I heard. Downloading is quick and easy. 
However, other sounds such as vocals and bass are horrible. There are no shaky, rattling parts, the controls are solid and instantly solved (easily manageable with a single thumb), and the wide-spread mic pattern is ideal for most stereo recordings of music (for dictation, I use a separate, small mic inserted in the topside input). I use this to practice with a band, and then I'll just listen to the arrangement later so I can practice by myself. If you don't have $500 to spend and are looking for a woodshedding companion for day-in, day-out use, this is the one. 
Tascam rocks. I have not had reason to use the line in for the recorder, just the external mics. I use this to practice with a band, and then I'll just listen to the arrangement later so I can practice by myself. Besides that, I would never use this if I wanted a decent quality recording of anything. 
This is usually a little more than I require when jamming. One instrument may be louder than another but then I tweak it adding compression and eq as necessary to further enhance. I have used the USB power when available and that has performed well. After my first test recording, when I played back the audio using the built-in speaker I really thought that I had been duped into believing this device was 'studio quality'. 
However, other sounds such as vocals and bass are horrible. But both recorders are more complicated than necessary, with tricky menu systems, excessive tiny buttons (6 on one thin side of the H1), and dicey build quality. It seems to pick up guitar sounds nicely. I've owned both the H2 and the H1 and, though both have their strong points, the Tascam DR-05 has served me better than either. 
This is a hard shell tolex covered case. It's made in China, but isn't most everything these days? I wouldn't recommend it for airline/railroad baggage, but this case will offer ample protection and safe storage for your instrument under most other conditions. Exceptionally well made, this is a fantastic case for the money. Have not have it that long to rate the durability but I like this case. 
But best of all, it fits my Takamine Jasmine guitar like a glove, holding it secure and (knock on wood) keeping it safe from all harm. I saw this case and thought 50 bucks and it's for my favorite guitar, so I purchased it. It fits well, close well, protects well, transport well! What more can I ask from a guitar case that cost a fraction of the other cases. I could not be happier. 
) It has four(!) very solid clasps, one of which locks. (Two keys are included. It is wonderful. It came to me right on time with no problems at all. 
Underneath the neck, there is enough space for storage of two sets of extra guitar strings. CONS:  Not easy to close and takes some work to get all the buckles lined up and snapped shut; the one locking buckle wouldn't stop anyone; the big front and back body panels flex more than they should; exterior covering feels somewhat cheap; the handle is hard plastic and not padded. The storage compartment is nice and large. For $40 it's an awesome deal. 
This was not an expensive guitar, and I had a better case, so I switched to the better guitar case, and used this one for another guitar that I really don't play at all, and it just stays in storage. My guitar fit perfetly in it and is very snug. I order this for my Glen Burton cutaway. The storage compartment is nice and large. 
This thing is a beauty! Plush interior, hardware looks great and good quality. 2 days later it was sitting at my back door (and I didn't have to pay shipping). It fits well, close well, protects well, transport well! What more can I ask from a guitar case that cost a fraction of the other cases. My guitar fit perfetly in it and is very snug. 
But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better. This is a great guitar case and a great price. But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing. this is a great value. 
But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing. The other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut. I bought it to keep my Fender Strat in and it works great. But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better. 
)On the plus side, the price makes this an attractive alternative to most of the soft gig bags on the market because you are getting a rigid case that can take some (but not a lot) of abuse. Again, this is not a problem as long as you are aware of it and do not leave the case in a hot, enclosed space for prolonged periods. I purchased mine to protect a relatively inexpensive Epiphone Les Paul Jr, which fits perfectly (as does a Squier Strat. For inexpensive guitars this is an ideal case that will provide protection for your instrument. 
But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing. I bought it to keep my Fender Strat in and it works great. This is a great guitar case and a great price. this is a great value. 
As for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one I had only one worked to keep the case closed. I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work. I bought it to keep my Fender Strat in and it works great. I have a Musician's Gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all. 
I don't think it lastforever but it works great for my Peavey Patriot Guitar. But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better. I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work. thank you. 
But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing. I bought it to keep my Fender Strat in and it works great. The other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut. I have a Musician's Gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all. 
The hinges look like they could fall apart or come off at any moment, the handle is not comfortable to hold, and the whole thing bends in a way that makes you wonder if you would be better off with a gig bag. It is perfect for occasional gigging, but would probably not withstand the rigors of being on the road. This is not top of the line but for the price is a good deal. I don't think it lastforever but it works great for my Peavey Patriot Guitar. 
I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work. But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better. As for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one I had only one worked to keep the case closed. But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing. 
For my Ibanez 510  I cut the bottom material along the edge against the side wall enough to take out the bottom foam and then put the material back. Not big enough for a strap though with everything else in there. We have my grandpa's really old Mandolin now, so my dad and I wanted a nice case for our 70 year old mandolin. I saw this case and thought that maybe it would work. 
I wouldn't check it as luggage when flying, but it's small so bring it as a carry-on. Now that I've been using the case for a while it seems broken in, and I don't have to fight it so much to get it to close. Well it works just fine, the mandolin is a little bit more deep than the case but it still works and closes well. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth. 
Now mine closes without pressure on the bridge. velvety cushioning inside, heavy-duty outside, and a little compartment for picks or capos (I can't fit much else in there but I don't really need to). It'll protect your mando just fine. A few other reviewers have mentioned that it can be a squeeze -- at first, I didn't think my Ibanez mandolin fit in here, but when I finally applied some pressure, it went right in. 
velvety cushioning inside, heavy-duty outside, and a little compartment for picks or capos (I can't fit much else in there but I don't really need to). Well it works just fine, the mandolin is a little bit more deep than the case but it still works and closes well. Like many here the case could be an inch bigger. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth. 
It'll protect your mando just fine. Now that I've been using the case for a while it seems broken in, and I don't have to fight it so much to get it to close. Well it works just fine, the mandolin is a little bit more deep than the case but it still works and closes well. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth. 
It'll protect your mando just fine. For my Ibanez 510  I cut the bottom material along the edge against the side wall enough to take out the bottom foam and then put the material back. velvety cushioning inside, heavy-duty outside, and a little compartment for picks or capos (I can't fit much else in there but I don't really need to). I used some electrical tape to stick it back on there and since it's on the bottom, it's not very noticeable, but that was the one place where the low price kind of showed through. 
Now that I've been using the case for a while it seems broken in, and I don't have to fight it so much to get it to close. The only downside is that after a few uses, the outer black layer of the case started peeling off at the edge. It'll protect your mando just fine. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth. 
I wouldn't check it as luggage when flying, but it's small so bring it as a carry-on. I used some electrical tape to stick it back on there and since it's on the bottom, it's not very noticeable, but that was the one place where the low price kind of showed through. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth. Like many here the case could be an inch bigger. 
Buyers should bear in mind that the unit records ambient sounds (e. I'm sure someone makes the smaller windscreen though. I purchased this product a few weeks ago after reviewing and "kicking" the tires of this one and it's competition. For my video work I use inexpensive hd capable camcorders. 
The DR-07MKII has worked well for over 100 classes recorded. Once I figured out how to set it up. You can also set limits for clipping or set the levels manually. The primary difficulty was in the how the user's manual was written. 
win win!  I got what I expected with my purchase, you will too. One last detail, at the point of purchase I discovered Amazon was doing a special on my purchase and discounted the DR-07MKII to the same price point as the Zoom H1. I was willing to let the bursts clip so that I didn't miss the human speaking around them. I have been using Olympus VN-7100 for recording piano and singing sessions, and I want to upgrade it to DR-O7MKII for stereo and connecting to computer. 
This unit works as advertised. This unit has been great for picking up the human voice about 20 feet away while it has been sitting on an extra tilted music stand. This is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. get it. 
This unit works as advertised. This is probably obvious to more experienced musicians, but for Amateur musicians (like me), If you think that you know how your audience hears you because you listen through your monitor while you play, then you're fooling yourself. This makes it easy to copy to my PC and keep organized. This unit has been great for picking up the human voice about 20 feet away while it has been sitting on an extra tilted music stand. 
I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. I put M5 side-by-side with the &#34;real one&#34; with a A/B switch, and don't heard differences. Too expensive foronly one effect at a time. Make sure you get a Diago power supply or one that can deliver more than 500MA the one sent from Line6 is only 250MA, huge error from L6!. 
Wish I could say the same for the Big Muff model but I guess they couldn't get them all right. The only issue is I liked it so much I could not resist the urge to get the M9 so I can run three effects simultaneously. I was wrong to worry; digital has come a long way. The Rat model "Classic Distortion" sounds exactly like my ProCo Rat2. 
Almost all of the effects sound great to my ear, especially into a tube amp. They should also not be depended on as any basis for your overall tone. This single pedal unit has a lot of  amazing and suprising effects. I decided to try out the M5 in order to add some more effects options while replacing a tuner and analog delay on my pedal board. 
I was wrong to worry; digital has come a long way. This single pedal unit has a lot of  amazing and suprising effects. I really like the delays and the reverbs on this pedal, i recomend this model, it will work if you need a lot of effects in one box, it really sounds great, the distortions sounds great too. The Line 6 M5 seemed like a good way to have a "jack-of-all-trades" pedal on my board for those times I needed one specialized effect. 
The sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups I have. I have not used them for that purpose yet, but tried them on my guitars, a dulcimer and stick I built, and was impressed with the sound quality for the price. I really like the Cherub pickup. For the price I bought a couple intending to use them on a diddley bow I built. 
However every time you touch your instrument it's going to transmit that sound into your amp so it's nothing I'd be using on stage if I didn't have to. Very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! I would recommend this product to a friend!. Distortion is more noticeable at higher volume. This device works well, but sound is far from perfect. 
I just play at home with friends. So far I've been clipping it into the sound holes, but I might try it on the headstock as others have recommended. Time will tell. If you're a Rock-God don't even consider this (why would you anyway?). 
only  thing is you need to loosen some strings to get it into place, but  worked great for what I wanted to screw around with it,. These work great. this was for a friend who liked the way the guitar pikup worked that he ordered 2 more for his family members. For the price I bought a couple intending to use them on a diddley bow I built. 
that is a GREAT bonus for me!!. You may have to experiment with position and for ukes some have found the headstock to be the best spot. The cord is long enough for me to stand and move around some while I play. I put this in the soundhole of a concert ukulele and angled it toward the &#34;G&#34; string and it sounds great. 
The pick wire out to the amp is skinny and only 8 feet long, but for 8 bucks it can't be beat. I really like the Cherub pickup. The sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups I have. Very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! I would recommend this product to a friend!. 
I recomend it. Highly recommend!. clear bright display. I have used it on mandolins, guitars, violins and violas, and double bass. 
It still had the plastic barrier that had to be removed to connect the battery. Shouldn't it have a full battery since it is brand new? Not enough of a hassle to send it back, but worth mentioning. Had the battery not been an issue, I would have rated this 5 stars. I bought this to use on my Fender P-bass. 
I am amazed at the great SN-8. It's not that great. On the flip side, I will be getting another SN-8 in it's place, since I know those are great tuners & I love the one I already have. I bought this one and it works great. 
This tuner is super easy to use and very user friendly. This thing is just sweet, I just love it. The tuner I choose is very easy to use, simple and small. I recomend it. 
Accurate with TV on in the background. The tuner I choose is very easy to use, simple and small. I recomend it. Easy no-brainer. 
I feel that the vibration tuning is more accurate and efficient. I've been using aKorg TM-40 Large Display Digital Tuner and Metronomefor a long time with my guitar. I also wish that this specific came in another color other than black. so if it isn't attached the the guitar, it won't work. 
works as it shoukd, better instructions could come with it with a larger size text. I have now four of them so I can keep one in each guitar case and one for the uke!. Although I should have just got the universal instrument tuner. I use this for my uke, my 12 string acoustic, a parlor guitar, and my trusty Taylor. 
Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I feel its more accurate that the old one I have that was given to me. They are very sensitive so I feel that my instrument is in truer tune. It also seems to be very accurate. 
This is my third Snark tuner, I keep giving them away to people who think they can tune by ear. I use it on all my stringed instruments, (Haven't tried it on a base) This tuner is easy to attach and read, and the price is great, I have spent 60 bucks on tuners that do not function as well. Although I should have just got the universal instrument tuner. They are very sensitive so I feel that my instrument is in truer tune. 
Although I should have just got the universal instrument tuner. also how to open to replace battery as well as the specs on the battery are lacking. I use this for my uke, my 12 string acoustic, a parlor guitar, and my trusty Taylor. Works like it's supposed to. 
It doesn't matter how much noise there is in the room, it still tunes perfectly every time. I use this for my uke, my 12 string acoustic, a parlor guitar, and my trusty Taylor. Works great and easy to use. Works like it's supposed to. 
They are very sensitive so I feel that my instrument is in truer tune. Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. It also seems to be very accurate. I will always buy Snark tuners. 
Awesome product with excellent sound quality and could not be simpler to use. My Positive Grid JamUp Plug wasn't disappointing me in sound quality, but there was so much additional noise that went with it, it would easily cause my modeling amps in Agile AmpKit+ to feed back. In The Box: Comes with a simple instruction manual that has about three steps. cable) from the Behringer's control out (L- mono) thus allowing you to use the mixer for multiple inputs, both microphone & guitar. 
UPDATE:  I mentioned a Behringer mixer above (Xenyx 802). In fact, the structure of the iRiffport connector was so large, that I felt that it did not fit well through my case. The iRiffport does not. I recently purchased, and then returned, the iRiffport. 
Once the input is active in software, the light becomes green. Even with clean settings, I had the noise filter turned WAY up, and that still didn't thwart the feedback issues. Feels nice, and is very light. You get a small plastic converter with an 1/4&#34; input (for guitar cable) on one end and a digital output for 30-pin connector, Lightning, or Mac cables, all of which are included. 
, an LED) and a gain control. I wanted something that could make my iPad an amplifier for easy mobility around my house, without having to purchase another amplifier or external speakers. I use this adapter to connect my electric guitar and my acoustic guitar to my computer and IT WORKS PERFECTLY!!! Very minimal buzz. unless trying to use the JAM. 
The JAM's improvement in avoiding feedback, alone, made it worth its price. Can't believe they are still selling these things at full price with the old 30 pin connector. Crystal clear digital sound --&#62; The sound quality you get through the digital input is markedly better than using the headphone jack as an input. PROS -Extremely easy to use and widely compatible --&#62; No batteries required. 
I have no idea on how to tune a ukelele so I downloaded an app called "Easy Ukelele" available in Amazon and Google Playstore for free. Sting one. It comes pre-strung but it is out of tune. It is very bad that the sting gets out of tune before you even finish tuning all the other strings. 
It has a sticker that says made in china. This is such a cute little instrument, my daughter loves it and the sound is good. It has a great sound, but the 'lightweight gig bag' definitely is lightweight. Fab! It is highly informative, easy to follow, and has some good songs in it. 
I have a lot of direct boxes and this works well on all of them. Needed to get mic into computer via the USB port. - This cable works amazingly well with a direct box to record a bass guitar, acoustic/electric guitar, keyboard, etc. There are, however, a few limitations. 
If your microphone is a Condenser microphone, you either need a battery powered microphone or some type of 'phantom' power source to power the condenser microphone. The really good things?- This cable works excellent at providing a good signal level to the Audacity software. I had previously used a variety of input devices from a JamHub to a Behringer USB line input device to an Art audio preamp to even going low-budget with just a cable directly into the microphone input of the (ThinkPad) laptop. Note that this will not provide phantom power, nor does the item description imply that it will. 
The really good things?- This cable works excellent at providing a good signal level to the Audacity software. Amazon had it, and at a good price. Just try to find. Some input devices are either very hot (too much level) or have hardly any gain at all, so this cable works very well by providing just the right level. 
This seems obvious, but is worth mentioning for those who have less experience with this type of stuff. I do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage. This cable provides as high quality of an audio signal as any other reasonably priced device I have used. I have the same problem the red blinking syndrome. 
Recording level was great, not sure why some reviewers said it was too low. It sounded brilliant while it wasn't broken, for about the 4 hours of runtime. I have a lot of direct boxes and this works well on all of them. USB only provides 5VDC and phantom power usually requires 18-48VDC. 
Go sell your snake oil to someone else. Needed to get mic into computer via the USB port. com/gp/product/B000WS1Q4E/ direct box I purchased from Amazon as well. Some input devices are either very hot (too much level) or have hardly any gain at all, so this cable works very well by providing just the right level. 
I have a lot of direct boxes and this works well on all of them. Go sell your snake oil to someone else. - This cable works amazingly well with a direct box to record a bass guitar, acoustic/electric guitar, keyboard, etc. not for stereo recording. 
I would write them but that's their job. Directions don't include the proper details. After having collected a few guiters through the years I needed the kind of stand to hold certain ones in particular. I want to get more guitar,just to get a other one. 
Avoid if you can spend more. So far so good. I would not recommend this thing for gigging or travel. It's not a high-end $200 pro stand. 
it is not that large and really organizes my instruments. I spend 20 minutes instead of 5 or so it they explained the process better. Only thing lacking a bit is the instructions, but it's easy enough to put together that they aren't really needed. The only detriment is that I leave my instruments out and they tend to collect dust. 
It also protects against over-tightening the bolts that can bend the relatively lightweight metal arms and support bars. It's simply not sturdy enough, physics or no. I can imagine people feeling queasy about storing expensive instruments on a stand that feels like it wouldn't take much to tilt over forwards, but you should be able to convince yourself that the downward force of the instrument bodies (especially electrics) counteracts the weight of the necks leaning into the top support - making a forward fall unlikely. If I were storing all electric guitars or basses with similar shapes, I might be comfortable with six or even seven. 
Easy to put together,stable and cheap. After having collected a few guiters through the years I needed the kind of stand to hold certain ones in particular. Set up only took about 10 min or so and it included all the tools necessary. I want to get more guitar,just to get a other one. 
all holes filled and i have  of of each part extra. I'll probably be buying a second one for the rest of my guitars soon. I'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time. Not only is the padding much better than the rest of them, this thing is very sturdy and the casters actually work. 
it has a nice mellowtone unplugged and when you plug it in it sounds amazing! the finish is amazing perfectone of my favorite instruments i ever, owned totally worth buying for the priceyou will not regret it!. The ukulele is very cool looking, it plays nice, it doesn't sound as nice as a more expensive ukulele, it comes with cheap strings, but it's a very fun ukulele. I do want to state that this is a beautiful Uke with nice feeling nylon strings, fine wood high polished surface, high quality tuners and plays loud acoustically. Totally dead. 
The pickguard is no biggie, I actually didn't want it on there (it seems oversized to me). I love this uke! it came fast. There are no volume controls but it was like the volume was turned all the way down. it has a nice mellowtone unplugged and when you plug it in it sounds amazing! the finish is amazing perfectone of my favorite instruments i ever, owned totally worth buying for the priceyou will not regret it!. 
Totally dead. I just requested a return/exchange from Amazon. Epiphone has outdone itself. I really like Epiphone products. 
I think it's worth a hundred dollars. I would love to have a Baritone Uku of this same design. If this Uke was working 100% I would have given it a 4 or 5. Epiphone has outdone itself. 
The ukulele is very cool looking, it plays nice, it doesn't sound as nice as a more expensive ukulele, it comes with cheap strings, but it's a very fun ukulele. Everything about the construction of instrument is unbelieveable. I think it's worth a hundred dollars. Nice sound in the acoustic too. 
I wanted a classical guitar to round out my collection. You could spend a lot more money on a classical guitar and not end up with a better guitar than this one. I purchased this as my first classical guitar because I need a guitar I can plug in, overall I'm extremely impressed with it, it stays in tune pretty well, has shockingly low action for a classical, sounds great plugged in and unplugged, has a built in tuner, comfortable to play, overall I love the guitar, well worth the money!. If you can get past the brite orange color of the sound board. 
I prefer guitars having solid woods, not laminated like this one. The guitar sounds good both acoustically and amplified, but I prefer the acoustic sound. I have always liked the sound of classic guitars, like the option to plug in, and am more impressed by sound than brand name. The guitar stays in tune nicely after the strings are broken in. 
Still has some orange peel but not a lot. The finish is a bit more orange than pictured. The pickup works nicely but is a little sensitive and loud. Mine has some edges not well stained, likely due to glue squeeze out during assembly. 
Still has some orange peel but not a lot. Top is a bit wavy, from buffing. The finish is a bit more orange than pictured. Other guitars in this price range are typically made with laminated tops or backs, this model is not. 
Still has some orange peel but not a lot. It has the ability to plug into an amp, has easy access to the battery, has a built in easy to use tuner, and the wiring dose not rattle about. Other guitars in this price range are typically made with laminated tops or backs, this model is not. Top is a bit wavy, from buffing. 
If this one last a few months may pick up a couple more for my studio, as I can never have enough microphones. For almost any singer or announcer, this will be just what they need. OK, I just got this mic in the mail a few hours ago. A budget, this is your mic. 
Great value and good sound. I did a little comparison to a pretty old SM57 that I've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. I'd recommend these mics to anyone looking to get a good reproduction of sound for both vocals, and instrumentals, on a budget. The Pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound I would say they are damn near identical to my ear. 
If this one last a few months may pick up a couple more for my studio, as I can never have enough microphones. For almost any singer or announcer, this will be just what they need. The mic seems very solid in build, and able to possibly take a little abuse, which is good with a travelling recording system, but I definately wouldn't TRY dropping one, even though they're a nice metal case, and metal grill. I placed one of these microphones as a soloist microphone, and one as a piano/instrument microphone, and have gotten great results from both. 
This was something I HAD to pick up, simply due to the price. I used it as an overhead microphone on drums, recorded an acoustic guitar with it, and it worked perfect. I have been a producer/engineer for over 3o years, this is a great utility microphone, if you need an overhead, or a microphone to put in front of a guitar amp, slap it on percussion etc. Every microphone has it uses. 
The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production. I placed one of these microphones as a soloist microphone, and one as a piano/instrument microphone, and have gotten great results from both. The mic seems very solid in build, and able to possibly take a little abuse, which is good with a travelling recording system, but I definately wouldn't TRY dropping one, even though they're a nice metal case, and metal grill. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect. 
Great value and good sound. I did a little comparison to a pretty old SM57 that I've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. I'd recommend these mics to anyone looking to get a good reproduction of sound for both vocals, and instrumentals, on a budget. The Pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound I would say they are damn near identical to my ear. 
Great value and good sound. I did a little comparison to a pretty old SM57 that I've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. I'd recommend these mics to anyone looking to get a good reproduction of sound for both vocals, and instrumentals, on a budget. The Pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound I would say they are damn near identical to my ear. 
the mount screws were too low of quality to use though, I went and got my own mount screws (was able to use black ones that matched - better) as these did not work that well and I did not want to trust my expensive guitar to them. It just holds a guitar. works out great for my two Ukus,,  hung it on the wall, looks good and is easy to adjust etc. It's only a guitar hanger. 
I use this item for my daughter 1/2 size guitar, its looks light in weight and firm, and can be adjusted for different sizes of guitars. light weight, easy to install, holds very well, does exactly what it was designed to do, hold a guitar on a wall. This is very nice holder which holds my guitar in an accesible but safe from scratching place. Looks good on any wall. 
Of course you can always purchase a couple of screw-in heavy-duty mounts and you'll still save considerably. This of course doesn't have the beautiful hardwood finish of the String Swing. It is great for hanging ukuleles and mandolins and with sturdier screw-in mounts, should hold any size guitar. This is a very well designed product that works just like you want it to. 
This fits my 5string Fender Jazz Bass as well as my acoustic guitar & violin (and even holds the neck without touching the pegs, if you want it to). It's only a guitar hanger. The arms are adjustable & stay where you put them. I have my Les Paul style guitar hanging right by my computer desk and that baby gets played a whole lot more than when it was in the case! A floor stand worked fine until I knocked it over one day:( Now it stays on the wall and away from danger but never out of reach!. 
Lastly, this mount will only work, as far as I can see, with a Blue Yeti or Blue Yeti Pro microphone, maybe some other mics will work, but not likely. I fixed that by screwing the old Yeti stand screws back into the holes, which actually looks kind of neat to me. That said, the Yeti is also a big microphone, and once mounted, may add six inches to the overall space you will need to use this setup properly. After attaching it to a microphone stand I found too much noise transition in my recordings and needed to isolate the Yeti Microphone. 
This probally works great for the heavier applications but the bands are so tight on this mic that it is almost a solid mount. Although the mic stand the Yeti comes with does an O. In conclusion, the Radius is an easy set up, works great and makes a Yeti look retro/futuristic sexy! Yeah it actually looks really cool, like a spaceship blasting off or landing, take your pick, I know people coming into my studio are going to say, "What The heck is that, and where can I get one!?" I may tease and say it's and award or art piece. Once you screw the Yeti into the machined shock mount base, there are teflon or maybe white delrin washers which allow you to swivel the mic easily to access the back knobs or move it toward any position, say a guest speaker with great ease. 
There is also the science of unwanted resonance from instruments, rooms or cabs vibrating your stands, that's why you see most professional studios using shock mounts, you just get a cleaner sound. Although the mic stand the Yeti comes with does an O. Easy enough as I completed this is one minute. Supposedly a new tightener design is on the way. 
Quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp. * Variety of input options. Plugged it in, worked first time, no problems. * If using USB, does not need external power supply. 
If your uses include mixing, and if you have the space (we're talking a mere inch or two), the 302USB is no doubt worth an extra ten bucks. Nice unit and works perfectly for vocals/guitar/ bass guitar and keyboards. But if you have a UFO or UCA interface, your needs may already be covered. This mixer is awesome, I couldn't get it where I live, so I bought it on Amazon, it works great!! I plugged my Shure mic, and my acoustic electric guitar to the Line In, and also my ipod to the 2track, and everything works great!! Great sound, with the right parameters, you just have to adjust a little here and there, and it will work great, so far no buzz or humm. 
* Easy-to-use, accessible controls. I have found this to be true. Whether I not I investigate will depend upon my needs in the future. This unit is very sensitive. 
If your uses include mixing, and if you have the space (we're talking a mere inch or two), the 302USB is no doubt worth an extra ten bucks. If not, the Behringer UFO202 is not only adequate to serve my needs, but its tiny footprint makes it especially welcome on a new iMac's desk space (Apple's elimination of the internal burner gives the company "thin screen" bragging rights while robbing the user of both money and space--thanks to the new requirement of an external burner). I bought this for my son so he could record with it. it does the job to do my home made music demos, nothing professional though. 
In addition, it would be nice if the manufacturer would give some basic information on such items as use of headphones for monitoring, etc. The simple setup I have also includes the Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Hosa XLR cable. I'm glad that I moved up to this board, even though it has a lot of features that I won't personally use. After trying a Griffin and Logitech device, I finally found a useful workaround with the Behringer UFO202 interface (there are 2 other very similar models by Behringer--the UCA202 and the UCA222). 
"  The problem for the impatient beginner begins with the instruction manual. 5mm "Audio In" port that had been highly useful on previous models, especially for recording computer sounds with a single patch cord. If not, the Behringer UFO202 is not only adequate to serve my needs, but its tiny footprint makes it especially welcome on a new iMac's desk space (Apple's elimination of the internal burner gives the company "thin screen" bragging rights while robbing the user of both money and space--thanks to the new requirement of an external burner). What sets these interfaces apart from the 302USB is a smaller footprint and a permanently-attached, "dedicated" USB cord. 
Quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp. Plugged it in, worked first time, no problems. Apple threw a curve at me when, with the new "thin" iMac, the company eliminated not only the Superdrive but the 3. * As with other low-end Behringer mixers has a bit of a hiss that one has to balance out. 
Has both trs and xlr inputs - has a knob for gain control on back. And that's a good thing for mixing as you don't want speakers that add color and/or bumps in the frequency response. The speaker w/ 2amps died at 15 mos after buying it. Unlike typical passive stereo speakers, the BX5 is powered with separate amplifiers for the tweeter and woofer, i. 
The sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing EQ sounded horrible at first, as it should!  I have been in and out of studios for 30 years and I can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors. Because of the dual amps, you don't hear the sound travel from cabinet to cabinet, as each speaker cabinet is a stand alone unit. It was easy to adjust my EQ on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound. The goal of any &#34;studio monitor&#34; is to convey as much of the true sound of the source material as possible without coloring the tone with additional equalization. 
I readjusted my EQ for the needed flat response for sound engineering and I was extremely pleased with the results. It was easy to adjust my EQ on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound. Because of the dual amps, you don't hear the sound travel from cabinet to cabinet, as each speaker cabinet is a stand alone unit. However, a perfect monitor for a home studio isn't only about a good neutral sound, but also about compactness, appearance and value. 
Perfect for not bothering family or neighbors but bad for parties. Because of the dual amps, you don't hear the sound travel from cabinet to cabinet, as each speaker cabinet is a stand alone unit. I have an Audioengine D1 DAC connected to the TRS/phone input (for iTunes, movies, games, etc. Stunning, really. 
and Heavy). It's a great idea, it's executed very well, no issues with the product itself, but I find that it's not incredibly useful to me. The edges are a little rough, but it is a punch not a precision cutter. On average I can get 5 picks from a credit card (unless I'm going for a particular part of the card with a design on it). 
The edges are a little rough, but it is a punch not a precision cutter. This amazing punch can be used to completely obliterate the numbers, and name on an old card, and give guitar picks at the same time. THey work well also (the edges do come out a little rough but I use an old emery board to clean them up quickly and easily). If you're not particularly picky (no pun intended) then one of these will supply you with picks for a lifetime. 
They most replicate a Fender Med. This is a wonderful item that really works! Arrived fast! Having a great time making picks out of old credit and gift cards! This makes a great gift item!. )  I do get funny looks at the stores when I ask for the used gift cards back (until I explain what I do with them- then the clerks are like &#34;wow thats so cool&#34;). Most credit cards are a bit thicker (somewhere between a Fender Med. 
I also found some cool sheets of celluloid on eBay, it's not easy to find the right stuff but the picks I make now are just as good as any you would purchase, and the cost is way less for personalized pics anyway. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. Just a word of caution on things like DVDs or CDs- they are really too thick and tend to shatter- not worth the effort (I tried an old aol cd and only got one usable pick out of 8 punches). Oh yeah, I can still recycle old cards and stuff too, my students like bringing them in and making their own picks as well. 
I've made 100's of picks out of old credit cards, gift cards, club cards, plastic sheets, plastic packaging well you get the idea. Oh yeah, I can still recycle old cards and stuff too, my students like bringing them in and making their own picks as well. She has used it many times using things such as old ID cards, plastic laminates, and expired credit cards. My favorite cards to use are the iTunes gift cards (careful cause some of the iTunes cards are cardstock). 
They most replicate a Fender Med. This is a pretty nifty item and it does just what it says very easily. She has used it many times using things such as old ID cards, plastic laminates, and expired credit cards. I've made 100's of picks out of old credit cards, gift cards, club cards, plastic sheets, plastic packaging well you get the idea. 
It is very precise and accurate, leading you to perfect tuning every use. I bought the two pack and I've found them both to be a bit finicky. Sometimes they turn on right away and other times you have to click the button a couple times to get it to light up. This little tuner is sweet! I put it on my strat-style guitar and it works brilliantly. 
I like the old version more. As a tuner, I really like it. One was Dead on Arrival, the other one works like a champ. These are a little tricky to mount but do track well, and are not obnoxious looking like the Snark tuners. 
I have a vintage banjo with exquisite inlay and this tuner is almost invisible. I compared this new one, the "original", and the latest Snark on dreadnought guitar, mandolin, and 5-string banjo. As easy as the little round ones from Snark. Tuning calibration on the meter seems skittering to me making it a little difficult and not. 
Agree with another reviewer in that it would probably not work well on my Les Paul or Acoustics, but for the 6-in line guitars it's perfect. Cons: Minor one would be, that when mounted, the face of the tuner doesn't exactly face your eyes, you have to move your guitar a bit to aim it towards you. Best I've ever found so far in a tuner. This is shown on an electric guitar and it would probably be great there. 
Great price. The perfect wall mount for a ukulele. Installs in 5 minutes with included drywall anchors and screws (or mount to wall studs). Instrument looks great on her wall, and it is easier than taking out of a case to practice. 
I'm a guitar player who owns several electric and acoustic guitars. JM Tepper. Easy to install, holds the uke perfectly, and the whole thing looks great on the wall. It is exactly what it says it is and works fine. 
I'm a guitar player who owns several electric and acoustic guitars. JM Tepper. Easy to install, holds the uke perfectly, and the whole thing looks great on the wall. It is exactly what it says it is and works fine. 
So when my wife unexpectedly brought me back a nice electric-acoustic uke from Hawaii, I immediately went shopping for a wall hanger. Put our hangers in studs, but they come with those plastic gizmos for drywall. Easy to install, holds the uke perfectly, and the whole thing looks great on the wall. We mounted our two ukes on these. 
The perfect wall mount for a ukulele. It is exactly what it says it is and works fine. There are more expensive ones out there, but this wooden String Swing turned out to be perfect. This is not an easy fix but it is doable. 
I'm a guitar player who owns several electric and acoustic guitars. JM Tepper. Easy to install, holds the uke perfectly, and the whole thing looks great on the wall. It is exactly what it says it is and works fine. 
This is not an easy fix but it is doable. JM Tepper. While this hanger is not unattractive, and is well built I could and will modify it to better suit my needs. I'm a guitar player who owns several electric and acoustic guitars. 
I don't know why others rated it as a 4 star. Put our hangers in studs, but they come with those plastic gizmos for drywall. This is probably not so important for something as lightweight as a ukulele, but I also thought the instrument would double as wall art. This is not an easy fix but it is doable. 
Does an awesome job of reproducing your acoustics sound. It's very easy to install and remove, but be sure you have a fairly standard-sized sound hole in your guitar to ensure that it will fit and be reasonably stable. Works really well considering how inexpensive it is. 00 it is worth all day. 
So I got it and th only thing I had an issue with is that it slide around a little too easily, but, it does work well. Very accurate pickup otherwise. A great and inexpensive way to make an acoustic also be electric. I had just bought an electric acoustic and while I was ordering that I just went ahead and picked one of these up as well because I figured what the heck it's under $20 and maybe my full size acoustic might work well with it. 
It's very easy to install and remove, but be sure you have a fairly standard-sized sound hole in your guitar to ensure that it will fit and be reasonably stable. Works really well considering how inexpensive it is. The sound quality is as good as pickups of twice the cost. If you're the kind of player that 'beats' on an acoustic like I do you'll find the sound hole pickup is an obstruction that you're constantly picking against causing loud clicks, pops and bangs. 
Now I know I would love a better one like a Fishman. I recommend it for those who are looking for a simple solution to making their acoustic, electric so that they can play it through their amp. Did the job for what I needed. The sound quality is as good as pickups of twice the cost. 
This pickup is actually a really great product for what it is! I hooked it up to my acoustic and plugged it into my line 6 amp and shredded a little bit. This is great for anyone who wants to turn their acoustical guitar to electric. I did find out there may be a little feed back from the amp if you get too close. I purchased this to use until I get the replacement to my Ovation CC28 and it is load and clean. 
It works very well, installs easily, stays in place once installed but can be removed easily. So I got it and th only thing I had an issue with is that it slide around a little too easily, but, it does work well. This is great for anyone who wants to turn their acoustical guitar to electric. Works really well considering how inexpensive it is. 
It's just a matter of how much you want to (or can) spend. This is handy when I practice at night when my wife is sleeping. If you have a Taylor, Martin or Gibson that's not already AE this is not for you & I probably didn't even need to say that!!I just have a cheep Rogue that sounds good with this pickup. The sound quality is as good as pickups of twice the cost. 
This pickup is actually a really great product for what it is! I hooked it up to my acoustic and plugged it into my line 6 amp and shredded a little bit. This is great for anyone who wants to turn their acoustical guitar to electric. A great and inexpensive way to make an acoustic also be electric. A couple of my friends and I own this pickup and use it to amplify our acoustic guitars through a mixer and loudspeaker system. 
This holder is rigid, well built, rugged and works great at what it does. Some people have said that it's not as safe when you rotate it to the portrait position. But if you sleep on the left you're gonna have a bad time. I do wish it could rotate both directions. 
Great product, highly recommend. I would prefer more tilt, but it serves the purpose. Some people have said that it's not as safe when you rotate it to the portrait position. It's Also harder to use your iPad without holding it and having an arm rest. 
My ipad lives on this thing!  I might be considered the laziest person around but I use a mic stand to place my ipad over my head so I can watch movies in bed while laying down. Because of the way that I stand with my guitar, it's hard for me to see the thing when I use the clamp kind. A lot of the other clips clamp on to the stand with the mic. It only goes from hamburger style to hotdog style by way of a right turn which is great if the stand sits on the right side of the bed. 
For direct recording it does. I'm using it into the power amp section via effects loop (bypassing the yamaha preamp) and I couldn't be more happy with the results. For an inexpensive unit, this thing rules. It's as versatile as can be. 
A definite upgrade. the real treat is the huge variety of boost, tone and gain you can dial in,. Love this pedal!. not mid heavy like the hideous ibanez tube screamer. 
I recommend this one to anyone. Easy to use and the clip is sturdy. super tight, and very accurate. A bit slow compared to the Snarks I own but I like it. 
A bit slow compared to the Snarks I own but I like it. I have owned two Snark headstock tuners (the blue ones). For a cheap tuner, this one is pretty good - it's about as accurate as the Snark, and not as delicate (the ball joint on the Snark makes it prone to breakage if you're not careful packing it in a case or gigbag). Both of my Snarks have broken off at this joint. 
Easy to use works as advertised, use it for my various stringed instruments. Easy to see, and it centers quickly when tuning, without drifting all over the place. They work great on my acoustic and electric guitars. This little guy worked just as advertised. 
They are a great size and can be left on your instrument if you desire. They work great on my acoustic and electric guitars. This is a great little tuner and I am glad I bought it. Now could you use it for a gig? Sure I suppose so, but bear in mind that it is not an "in-line" tuner therefore any excessive background noise will cause the accuracy to be a bit off. 
Not surprisingly, I kind of laughed at my own peril when it came time to tune my new instrument. They are a great size and can be left on your instrument if you desire. Can tune several different instruments. I bought this to tune my 12-string without using the end jack. 
Good tuners. I bought this to tune my 12-string without using the end jack. I bought two for 10 bucks each. They work great on my acoustic and electric guitars. 
I recommend this one to anyone. This is a great tuner IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE USING IT FOR. Just be careful you have it set to the right instrument when you are tuning or you will go through a lot of strings. They are a great size and can be left on your instrument if you desire. 
I recently purchased this recorder and have compared it to my older M-Audio Microtrak II. The recorder produces a very wide and deep soundstage and does outclass my older recorder in every aspect. I wanted a simple grab and go recorder for songwriting sessions, jams rehearsals and gigs, but I also wanted the option of just capturing a line source (such as from the DI on my bass amp). But, I do not always want to carry around so much equpment, and was hoping for better internal mics. 
I found that the internal microphones did a wonderful job of reproducing the audience experience and I can't say enough good things about the performance. My only issue is the internal mics, while crystal clear in terms of quality, can sometimes be lacking on the gain side of things. The internal preamp is very quiet, the mics on acoustic grand piano are very dynamic, produce excellent detail and have what appears to be a very wide neutral frequency response. I recently purchased this recorder and have compared it to my older M-Audio Microtrak II. 
The battery life is great, the user interface can be a little confusing at first but is very fluid once you get used to it, and the build quality is pretty solid. I recently purchased this recorder and have compared it to my older M-Audio Microtrak II. Wow, the capture quality of the internal mics is so bad it almost makes me cry, but plug in some real mics and voila- the DR-40 becomes something special. My only issue is the internal mics, while crystal clear in terms of quality, can sometimes be lacking on the gain side of things. 
I debated between picking up this and the Zoom H4N and went with the Tascam &#8211; I just couldn't justify the extra $100 or so for the Zoom. )The unit is almost entirely plastic, which can feel a bit inexpensive &#8211; I know that one selling point of the H4N is its sturdy construction. The Tascam is a much newer design and shows good ergonomic improvement. To me the price is very reasonable and the build quality is reasonable for the price. 
In addition, they are VERY susceptible to wind, even if you just move the recorder while it is recording you will hear a rush of air. I bought this recorder to capture live audience audio for a live video project. It let me know that I am not a techy. The microphones can be folded out to extend the stereo field or in to tighten the field. 
Mixcraft 6 is so user friendly and you don't have to bring in a professor from another planet to understand it. On a happier note this interface "instantly worked", with absolutely no installation, on a linux desktop running ubuntu studio 12. Lastly documentation and bundled software is "light"; this is fine if you know what you are doing but it would not hurt focusrite to provide a bit more substance in their user guide for novices connecting various types of gear - guidance re best practices etc. This issue is why four starts rather than five. 
The only issue that I would consider a big problem is the hissing from the phantom power being engaged. Why 4 stars?The problem must of started happening today because I never noticed it before. Once again, this is barely audible and should not be a problem if your microphone is far enough away. Well built, easy setup, very quiet. 
No hassle with the right jacks and stuff. Anytime I can get a product that works as it's suppose to without a lot of hassle hooking up cables or other stuff, it's a 5 Star in my book. Everything else plugs right in. all in all I'd say the design of this is very user friendly. 
USB powered and plug and play. It crashes every time  in Ableton but works well with listening to music either on my computer or on YouTube. Sometimes i hears pops and clicks after 5 minutes and have to reset the ASIO4ALL driver which is the same issue with my Audio Technica at2020 USB MIc. 1 i set my default playback and recording device as &#34;Line Out Scarlett 2i2 USB &#34; and set it as my default device. 
This could also be a decent sound card for those who are fed up with integrated audio. I replaced the stock cable with a Monster cable and my recordings sound great. This in my opinion is one of the best entry level Recording Audio Interface units around. Mixcraft 6 is so user friendly and you don't have to bring in a professor from another planet to understand it. 
83? I can give these away to beginners that don't have a capo. If you really want a capo get a Keyser or other decent capo. It works well. The headline says it all. 
It works well. It works and does at it is supposed to. This one works, it can't make me play any better (wish it could) but it wont make me play any worse. this was a gift for a friend who is practicing to play the guitar. 
When I attached it to my guitar(s), I said, &#34;Wow, this beats it's more expensive competition! Does it hold? Yes. Does it damage your instrument? No. It works and does at it is supposed to. I have no issues with quality or feel it's too loose. 
works well. Does it damage your instrument? No. This one works, it can't make me play any better (wish it could) but it wont make me play any worse. this was a gift for a friend who is practicing to play the guitar. 
This one works, it can't make me play any better (wish it could) but it wont make me play any worse. I have to type more. I've got several capos, from the highest end models to the cheapest, and this one is every bit as good as the expensive ones, with ease of use and solid build quality. great price, no need to own one of the more expensive ones for the job it does. 
It works well. works well. Shipping takes time but for the price, who cares. Capo is well made and is very well priced. 
This cable works fine for my needs right now. as expected for a beginner. Does what it's supposed to do. Fenders aren't bad. 
It works awesomely and it's not a bad price for name brand cables. The only part that is not so good is that it is a straight connector nota right angle but it works fine. If you need a cord and don't want to pay a lot, this is a good one. What can you say about a guitar chord?. 
I'm not a dangerous person but you know, when people request wagon-wheel. Pretty sure I could strangle a person with it if I had to. Does its job just fine and the white tips look quite nice, a truly great product!. Does what it's supposed to do. 
Very nice cable but the white ends (which are nice looking) could be a little shorter. It works awesomely and it's not a bad price for name brand cables. At first I purchased one just to check them out, but after six months. There just so well made and much cheaper than other high end cables too. 
(I haven't found a wireless unit that I feel comfortable with on stage yet) I was usually replacing the cable connected to my guitar about every three to four months until I purchased these. There just so well made and much cheaper than other high end cables too. It's long enought. as expected for a beginner. 
That being said that person probably isn't playing much guitar. I used it in Acoustic Guitar and on the Ukelele without any problem. This capo does not have any logo or stamp but it works just as good as the more expensive ones. This is a good quality Capo. 
Cheap and works great, would recommend to any guitarist. Cheap, quick and easy. It snaps on and clamps down on all strings right away. It seems like such simple concept, but so many companies cannot get it right. 
I ordered two of this item on 03/18. The capo is a nice addition to the terrific sounds one can get with the guitar. Cheap and works great, would recommend to any guitarist. The built is similar to the ones I see at the local music stores that sells between $9 - $14. 
This is a great Capo. I would recommend this capo for play during performances and live concerts. Cheap, quick and easy. Clamps well and quickly, the clamp handle is easy to reach and is not going to easily break (aluminum, not plastic). 
I have a couple of old guitars I couldn't bear to part with, but seldom used. The &#34;fingers&#34; will grasp the neck of most any stringed instrument and hold firmly. Holds my bass guitars easily as well. Bought another one for my electric Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. 
a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item  i bough for my primo and he really loves it!. Bought another one for my electric Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. Holds my bass guitars easily as well. Would also be OK with guitars. 
I love the way it sits right on top of the headstock and you can tune instantly. This one does have a great view on the LED, but if it doesn't tune right, what's the point? I would try the Fender. I have owned about 5 of these Snarks and every single one has broken after about 3-4 months use. For the price, they cannot be beat, and they leave a small footprint too. 
This tuner does a great job tracking notes rather quickly, and I've enjoyed using it. Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. All that said, here is why I decided to write a review. This one is the best yet. 
well except that sometimes it rattles (quietly), it doesn't effect how it works but i hate a rattling guitar. It's very light and can adjust very easily on both electric and acoustic guitar. A i'm very impress with the precition of this tuner. Ive used this on Guitars acoustic and electric, Ukuleles, Banjos, Banjo Ukeleles, Violins, and mandolins. 
I clipped it on the neck (head) of my acoustic guitarIt tunes up well and is very easy to readI turn it off after tuning but leave it on the guitar while playingI have not used it enough to test the battery lifeBut so far so good. Very good for a quick tune up. Can tune up quickly every time. So far, works well. 
I have reviewed this before. I would try one at a guitar shop before purchasing. SO worth it just to not have the hassle of finding a tuner every time I want to change tunings. One  hint from our son who also has one,  be careful when you &#34;twist&#34; the head, he broke the first one and had to buy another one. 
No cheap "tent nylon" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing. that is some stiff cardboard. So I found my Christmas present at last for "the man who has everything" (it is true, my wife told me. I found this to sound as good as most ukes right out of the box, despite the fact it's pretty solid-wood electric (I expected it to sound dull. 
Upon arrival, I was astonished. I was slightly surprised at how slim the body is (similar in scale to an actual Les Paul), as I was expecting a fuller body but it doesn't hurt the playability a bit. If you're hemming and hawing over getting one, just do it. I paired mine with a Pignose 7-100 for street performing and, while it is a bit too chilly to play for nickels at the moment, I have no doubt this will pay for itself in the long run. 
It makes a great temporary "hard shell" case. It doesn't. Even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead. If you are really into electric sound, I recommend going the guitar route. 
A few notes: what looks in the product photos like a black finish around the edges and on the back and sides of the &#34;Vintage&#34; model is actually a super-rich deep, deep mahogany/maroon color, and it's unbelievably beautiful. I paired mine with a Pignose 7-100 for street performing and, while it is a bit too chilly to play for nickels at the moment, I have no doubt this will pay for itself in the long run. If I wanted stadium-filling volume, I could always plug this into a stack of Marshall amps. I was slightly surprised at how slim the body is (similar in scale to an actual Les Paul), as I was expecting a fuller body but it doesn't hurt the playability a bit. 
I have already learned the basic chords and can't wait to become proficient with this instrument. It stays in tune (after string break-in) and the intonation is ok - not spot on but definitely good enough. I recently purchased this ukulele from a local Guitar Center. I paired mine with a Pignose 7-100 for street performing and, while it is a bit too chilly to play for nickels at the moment, I have no doubt this will pay for itself in the long run. 
I wanted P-90 pickups. I kept it on the regular because it sounded normal. I wanted something that would sound nice and still be relatively cheap. Upgrade it to something better. 
Upgrade it to something better. It is also very easy to hold unlike the Dean's I have found. All in all, a very nice bargain. The 60's neck profile is very fast and comfortable, and it's a satin finished neck and body (unfinished fretboard). 
Upgrade it to something better. It is also very easy to hold unlike the Dean's I have found. It stays in tune very well even though the tuners do seem a little cheaper than Epiphones I've owned in the past. I couldn't figure out the different tunings on it though. 
I love this tuner! Its awesome to use and efficient! The only thing I wonder about sometimes is how accurate they actually are. I use mine all the time between different alternative tunings. Arguing over tuning can really take up time. It recognizes pitch differences that my ear can't, leaving a better tune than my RP255 or any of the old cheap korg tuners and the like I've got laying around. 
So, if you want a flanger with a reverb, you can have a setting for that. I replaced the stock speaker with an Eminence Rajun Cajun, which has improved the tone and provided increased volume. Contrary to what some posters have written, Channel 1 does also have some front-end modeling, except that the the model is fixed for &#34;Blackface&#34; tone and controlled by a separate volume know (no gain control). I loved it right out of the box! Give it a test drive and let your ears decide. 
One thing I did note, however, is that the knobs protrude and seem like they would be very easy to damage while transporting, so I will have to be careful about that. That'll make it loud enough for most bars. I loved it right out of the box! Give it a test drive and let your ears decide. Also, there are a couple of seams for the tolex material on top of the amp that look like they could have been hidden better. 
The included digital effects, (vibraphone, delay, reverb, chorus and tremolo) are all convincing and well executed. The build seems very good. Good quality, good built in effects, and is still easy to carry around. The amp is all tube and sounds better the longer you leave it on. 
Good quality, good built in effects, and is still easy to carry around. You can turn it way down, keep the warm tone, and practice without bothering anyone else. That's annoying. I replaced the stock speaker with an Eminence Rajun Cajun, which has improved the tone and provided increased volume. 
No matter how hard you push that channel it won't break up and sounds great with no FX's running. I was looking for a small studio amp and watched the demo video on YouTube. I really haven't used channel two much. You can make this amp sound many different ways and with an FX chain in front of channel one (how I run it) the sky is the limit. 
The sound is very authentic as I have a 60's tube Champ in excellent working order for reference, as well as a Deville. I prefer to use pedals for modulation, delay, and some overdrive/distortion. The included digital effects, (vibraphone, delay, reverb, chorus and tremolo) are all convincing and well executed. The good new is that the on-board reverbs (which include spring, room, hall, and a few others if you install them from the software) are quite good. 
Makes me feel good inside to look at it. I replaced an older Snark that I use all the time, but seems to be cutting out sometimes. At first it seems like it might be less accurate. On earlier Snarks, the display has individual tiny gradients for each cent of pitch above or below the note. 
I got and agreethis works better. Will work on any instrument. Cheap is important, because they are made of plastic and I have had one break at the joint after a lot of use. If you figure they cost about as much as a fancy coffee drink they provide a lot of tuning goodness for a little money. 
Easy to use, bummed I lost it and replaced it with an inferior tuner, I'll be getting another one of these soon. Cons:I wish it would turn the tuner buttons for me!. This tuner has a better, higher contrast display which is needed for bright outdoor gigs. I use it on a godin with a slotted headstock, positioned so I can see it between the tuning keys. 
Not bad, but I had intended on leaving this on my instrument. It works more predictably and tunes smoother than the micro too. faster and more stable tuning. I use it on a godin with a slotted headstock, positioned so I can see it between the tuning keys. 
We got this for my young son who enjoys reading in his bed prior to going to sleep at night. I can sit in a completely dark room and see the music fine!. Illuminates an entire music stand if adjusted properly. He really likes this light and it is bright enough for him to read by, but not too bright that it hurts his eyes. 
It has two brightness settings. Not really bright enough. I would look for something else if I didn't already have this. I highly recommend. 
OK for reading a small book in bed, but doesn't cover the sheet music brightly enough. I love this light both for the music stand and for my laptop. If you are going to get one of these hammerhead lights, go ahead and spring for one that includes the adaptor, it will save you a lot of money in the long run. Illuminates an entire music stand if adjusted properly. 
It has two brightness settings. I would look for something else if I didn't already have this. We got this for my young son who enjoys reading in his bed prior to going to sleep at night. I could see where this could be useful in other applications, like on a music stand, but it also makes a great reading lamp attached to a bed. 
They sold me the Encore model for $35, it is brighter, includes the AC adaptor and a nice carrying case  After I got home I figured out that they sell an optional AC adaptor for the hammerhead for about $10, so for only $5 I could have just bought the Encore model and been better off. I found the brightness of the light to be adequate, and would probably give it 4 or 5 stars, but it takes three AAA batteries that according to the packaging are only good for 7 hours. A good buy. If you are going to get one of these hammerhead lights, go ahead and spring for one that includes the adaptor, it will save you a lot of money in the long run. 
After owning it for several days, the DRAW 2 hole went flat. so I worked on my technique some more. Otherwise, I really like this harmonica. A PLEASURE to play!!!Joe. 
So, I took one star away because of this problematic issue. I did some research and ended up with the special 20 in the key of C. I am not sure how to repair it, but I feel that I should have to do so this early in the game. I have no basis for comparison and I am a beginner but this instrument sounds awesome! The construction is perfect and the included case is very appreciated : ) For $25 I can't complain!. 
A buddy of mine got one, and he's killing it on the bends. Sounds great! Still suck at bending 3 &4. Easy to bend. I have no basis for comparison and I am a beginner but this instrument sounds awesome! The construction is perfect and the included case is very appreciated : ) For $25 I can't complain!. 
Didnt take me long to start to pick up some techniques such as bending and single/double blow/draw. I am a "newbie" to the world of playing the blues harp; however, I am not a beginner to music. so I worked on my technique some more. The price is right and the quality seems good too. 
enjoy. Highly recommended by all serious Ukulele players. Kinda wish they came in black, the white contrasts with the color of my uke. I have three uku, soprano, concert ( Love the best ) and a tenor,,  this brand of strings rocks. 
They are very smooth and warm and magical, like a mythical unicorn. enjoy. I have three uku, soprano, concert ( Love the best ) and a tenor,,  this brand of strings rocks. Strings make a big difference in any ukulele. 
it is a great tool for gigging musicians and this mount gets it up where you can see it. It's bulky but it works well. It comes with an extra set of holders for thicker tablets (or to use the tablet while still in the case). I have a 7&#34; tablet, and a 9. 
I use my ipad for almost everything these days and I certainly can't see going back to a lyric book after using the ipad and the SET LIST MAKER app. I admit it, my memory is getting worse and this thing does the trick. That said, this thing is ROCK SOLID. The best thing is that I can leave my ipad in the LIFEPROOF case for performances so I don't have to worry about water, sweat, or other various liquids and beverages hurting my main daime, my ipad. 
It grips really nicely and attaches itself onto the mic stand really easily. Quality seems acceptable for the price, the ball swivel works well. Cons:It's too heavy for my mic stands. I've owned it for a while now and haven't had any problems with it. 
It's very nicely adjustable and I feel very confident that my iPad is safe and secure on the stand. It comes with clips that can be used for other tablets. It would be nice if there was just a tiny bit more tilt up but it does what it is supposed to and it fits securely on the mic stand. It makes a solid physical connection to the mic stand, I never worry about it readjusted or slipping during use. 
it is a great tool for gigging musicians and this mount gets it up where you can see it. No issues at all and would order again. It's bulky but it works well. I like the overall design of this mount although it would be nice to have a little bit more articulation. 
It's bulky but it works well. 7&#34; Touchpad, and they both work very well in it. I was a little nervous about putting my iPad on the stand, but this is a substantial and well thought out design. I use this clamped to a table and it's a superb product. 
7&#34; Touchpad, and they both work very well in it. But with a little trial and error, I figured it out. It's bulky but it works well. It would be nice if there was just a tiny bit more tilt up but it does what it is supposed to and it fits securely on the mic stand. 
I will say that it's not a pedal that should be reviewed the first time you use it. This is low-noise compared to the MXR and simple to use. It doesn't get as &#34;squashy&#34; as other compressors, so don't plan on getting this if you want something other than a fairly transparent compressor for extra sustain and unified output. Prior to this pedal, I've used an MXR Dyna Comp and a TC Electronics Nova Dynamics compressor. 
It beats spend gobs of cash that you could spend on other things. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals. I love the joyo pedals. They are amazing and they don't break the bank, awesome. 
They took care of me without a hitch and I would buy from them again. I ended up sending it back for a full refund. The unit I received did not work. If you're only buying these based on price I would say buyer beware. 
This compares to my other compression pedals I own. Like most compressors, there is also a "Level" control to change the volume of the compressed sound. Also, a "tone" knob on a compression pedal strikes me as an admission that the pedal is CHANGING your tone, which good compression really shouldn't do. Adjusting the "Sustain" knob, obviously, increases the length of time that the note or chord continues to play at volume. 
Loose wires and bad components were everywhere on the board. you get what you pay for. I will say that it's not a pedal that should be reviewed the first time you use it. Great pedal once you get it dialed in. 
This is a good old school fuzz monster, and when combinations of notes are played, most notably an interval of a 4th on the lower strings it creates an overtone series that has a subtle octving effect. Bass Balls sound. ,,,,it does very good at bedroom volume,,,,,but at cranked Marshall stage volume, I do not like it,,,it does not play well then,,,the octave gets crazy. I haven't taken mine apart for the fix, but I read that it's just unsolder, flip, and resolder the same component. 
This is a good old school fuzz monster, and when combinations of notes are played, most notably an interval of a 4th on the lower strings it creates an overtone series that has a subtle octving effect. All was not completely perfect, it might be me and the way I'm adjusting this, but I had a bit of trouble with feedback. Combined with Joyo's California, Hendrix is almost in the house. Bass Balls sound. 
Like the color. Great Capo. Can't hold tightly on 1st string (low C), a little buzz. Felt kind of too stiff and rigid to put on a guitar at first, but the more you use it, the more it will wear in (pretty redundant sounding, I know. 
I was not impressed with the finish or feel and I use a capo often. Felt kind of too stiff and rigid to put on a guitar at first, but the more you use it, the more it will wear in (pretty redundant sounding, I know. ) The color advertised was not the one I received. This works well with the mandolin. 
Felt kind of too stiff and rigid to put on a guitar at first, but the more you use it, the more it will wear in (pretty redundant sounding, I know. Good clamp pressure and this design wraps around the back of the Guitar neck so it does not show. Like the color. Easy on and off and stays put. 
Easy on and off and stays put. Good clamp pressure and this design wraps around the back of the Guitar neck so it does not show. I like this a lot better than others that i have. Like the color. 
This works well with the mandolin. Good clamp pressure and this design wraps around the back of the Guitar neck so it does not show. Easy on and off and stays put. Can't hold tightly on 1st string (low C), a little buzz. 
It stays in tune and is fun to play. The tuners are cheap, but they are geared, which is nice, and it stays in tune decently. and how it goes out of tune fast. Its perfect for even us seasoned players who happento be broke poor artists! excellent!!!!!!!!!!! would recommend this brand to anyone!. 
probably would be improved with a set of Aguilas. This would not be my primary concern with purchasing an instrument for myself but may be a significant headache-saver for a non-musician parent purchasing a ukulele for a young child. This one has better tone and projection than some of the ones I've played in stores. That being said, it still makes financial and practical sense to get the Mahalo since it's so near the same price (compared to the  Diamond Head) and has heavier strings already installed. 
I was able to move it around, and it's working at the moment, so I'll still rate it okay, but I have concerns over the long run. if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. Otherwise its a good option at a good price. The flex-shaft arm did not seem strong enough to support the screen in any position. 
only bad thing is when it doesnt stay in place, but its usually fine. awesome, it does the job perfectly, now my vocals sound way better and clearer. if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. I was able to move it around, and it's working at the moment, so I'll still rate it okay, but I have concerns over the long run. 
this filter is awesome and for the price can't get any better. I don't think the material + the time it is going to take for you to make one (about 30 mins-an hour, more if you have to go out and buy all of the materials) is going to be worthwhile versus just ordering this bad boy online and. This is a very simple product, and, as others have stated, you could probably just 'DIY' one pretty easily. IT DOES THE JOB. 
but for this price, why bother??? Under $10 and this thing is as good as ones that range from $20-50. only bad thing is when it doesnt stay in place, but its usually fine. if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. It is nice and it fits well on my desktop mic stand and it looks nice infront of my Shockmount that holds my Audio Technica AT2020. 
if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. Its a pop filter, it works well and does the job. This one works well, gets rid of a lot of the little sounds and all the pops. this filter is awesome and for the price can't get any better. 
However the neck on this thing is a bit long, so if you are using a short mic stand it may have some extra flex that gets in the way. IT DOES THE JOB. I was able to move it around, and it's working at the moment, so I'll still rate it okay, but I have concerns over the long run. It is nice and it fits well on my desktop mic stand and it looks nice infront of my Shockmount that holds my Audio Technica AT2020. 
And then there's the standard annoyance that comes with owning any guitar amplifier: if the power is noisy or ungrounded, you will wind up with hiss no matter what. I dont know what all the hype is over this thing. Speaking of power adapters: a previous reviewer is right. Its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out. 
And, for the price, this is a solid 4 star amp. The DetailsThe amp itself is tiny. Plus, the added gag of tiny ukulele + tiny amp always draws a laugh. Yes, this little amp will go from Jazz & Country to Rock & Metal with a twist of a dial. 
For quiet practice, you're best getting a VOX Amplug, IMHO. WHY ONLY 3 STARS? For starters, this is what I would consider a "novelty-boutique amplifier", because it recreates vintage British sounds like a boss, but it's lack of clean headroom is evident. This would give you perfect flexibility for band rehearsal, studio recording, small bar, big bar, club, or concert stage venues. Look, I don't judge gear just by price, I judge it by VALUE and with my EARS first. 
However, as much as I love eating British Crunch for breakfast, I consider myself a versatile player who needs a bright and heady clean channel AND that classic punch'n'crunch we all know and love AND a solid distortion for metal and beyond. The problem is, if you're one of those people, you probably already have a solid amp head to drive that 2x12 or 4x12 in the first place. And, for the price, this is a solid 4 star amp. Look, I don't judge gear just by price, I judge it by VALUE and with my EARS first. 
But at 16ohms (like my BH110) it sounds like a 5 or 7 watt amp. Very tubey! Typical British growl at higher gain settings. though, it will gouge your floor. 1st UpdateTook delivery and hooked it right up to my Marschall 412 into the 16 Ohm jack. 
if you are committed to Orange (and boy do they make some stunning amps) go check out the dark terror. So, without any volume with clean tones this amp becomes a one trick pony and hence so very very disappointing. It's for bedroom use only. How many of these types of noise boxes do we need?  Not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it. 
I'd buy it again in a heartbeat as long as you don't need a hard case. Would recommend it. This gig bag is assembled with quality fabric and awesome construction technique. Great for the knock around uke though. 
There is no support for the neck inside like in a guitar case. I'd buy it again in a heartbeat as long as you don't need a hard case. Would recommend it. A perfect fit! Plus it comes with a handle, strap and a nice sized pocket where you can store picks, capos, straps and strings. 
I'd buy it again in a heartbeat as long as you don't need a hard case. The pocket on the outside has a lot of space for your picks, kazoo, ukulele stand, whatever you need to have with you. Much better for the money than I was expecting. I'll just give the epiphone bag away to someone who doesn't have one. 
However after using it for some time on dulcimers, a mandolin and acoustic guitars, some problems have turned up. While some reviews on here have mentioned using it on a ukulele. It works well at lower volumes, but as soon as you crank it up, feedback city that you can not stop easily. For being so cheap, this pickup works surprisingly great. 
To get the best sound you should probably run this unit thru a preamp. In fairness, the cord is a reasonable length, but I'm quite tall, so it's 5' of cable just to get straight up to my shoulder. Can't yet get the sound out of a violin that I want with it but still experimenting. But the cord length means you have to sit pretty tightly on top of your amplifier-unless you use some kind of little pre amp. 
Anyway I digress. I originally rated this pickup 5 stars. I put a rubber inner tube from a bike to reduce the sensitivity, but still feed back and funny sound. If it is, the pickup will mute the A string, and it's annoying. 
It doesn't work that way, unless the sound hole is not directly over the strings. Pros:-Price point--can't really go wrong-Clean signal (no self-noise)-Works for a tunerCons:-For recording or amplification purposes, this thing picks up a LOT of attack noise--fingers dropping on the strings, bow clicks, etc. If it is, the pickup will mute the A string, and it's annoying. Thank goodness pickup prices are coming down. 
Had I seen the Beat Boy first, I would have ordered it instead as I was looking for a drum machine anyway. I ordered TM50BK unit but after a couple of delays with my local delivery agent, decided to buy a unit locally which turned out to be the Korg Beat Boy. I play using this device. The Beat Boy is everything that this unit is and then some. 
If you just want a metronome and tuner, this is a fine unit, but if you're considering a drum machine too, look at the Beat Boy before making any decisions. She has the Korg TM40 metronome. I ordered TM50BK unit but after a couple of delays with my local delivery agent, decided to buy a unit locally which turned out to be the Korg Beat Boy. The Beat Boy is everything that this unit is and then some. 
Having 48v phantom power to use those top dollar condenser mics is also a really nice thing to have. To record from a live sound-board, I just use the XLR input, set the gain (with the awesome colored halo ring), and save the recording as a mono track. One worked, the other didn't. Despite its iFlavor it works beautifully with my PC. 
So, yeah, best of luck with that. The complaints about the iPad connector cable are valid - it's too stiff and short. When I was singing, I was able to hear both guitar parts with the headphones still plugged into the iTrack Solo as well as my vocals recording in real-time. The sound it captures is exactly what you expect, and you'll notice right away if you're using a low quality microphone. 
It's a great intro model, not just for ipads. If you really turn up the gain, you will start to get a lot of noise, but the noise comes well AFTER you get past the point that any reasonable signal is &#34;clipping&#34;-making the light turn red. So, with the gain at 1/3 or so of the way up, you get good clean signal with little to no noise. It's an extremely capable machine with good drivers and works great with REAPER. 
I'm so impressed, my main PC audio comes out of the headphone jack of this device. Having 48v phantom power to use those top dollar condenser mics is also a really nice thing to have. The GarageBand software on the iPad is simple enough to use, and while it can only record one of the 2 input channels at a time, that's fine for what I expected. ) I've been very impressed. 
So, I don't know if the unit is having a problem with iOS7 or I just happened to get a lemon but I'll find out when the new one comes next week. So, this product simply has turned out to be a dud for me. I got one of these from another source but have returned it for exchange because of the following issue:  when I record a track either with the "Audio Recorder" or "Guitar Amp" screens in Garageband on my iPad 3, iOS7, the recording is great. If you really turn up the gain, you will start to get a lot of noise, but the noise comes well AFTER you get past the point that any reasonable signal is &#34;clipping&#34;-making the light turn red. 
Sounds better than any sound card i've used and of course gives me the ability to play and record on my computer with no noticeable latency. To record from a live sound-board, I just use the XLR input, set the gain (with the awesome colored halo ring), and save the recording as a mono track. I wanted to find a device that let me record easily when at a gig, or just in my office. If you really turn up the gain, you will start to get a lot of noise, but the noise comes well AFTER you get past the point that any reasonable signal is &#34;clipping&#34;-making the light turn red. 
It is by far the best delay pedal I have ever owned as well as being the most versatile. a steal in my opinion. This is far more pedal than I need but what a fun pedal to have. Don't believe this is what it is mean't for. 
Tap function also helps a lot. Five Stars from me!!!. The space setting is also very cool and has a hint of tremelo in the background, which coincides with the delay time - sounds great with a little overdrive added in. The toneprints are cool to choose from if you find something you enjoy on the website. 
CONSIDER PASSING if the looper or midi functionality is seriously driving your decision. To have a midi in, and not be able to midi sync/quantize the looper. the midi clock sync implementation is flawed. But finally you get over that, but seriously, its huge. 
I was shocked at how much 'brighter' the guitar sounded with only this single change!Even my wife who claims to have a tin ear, commented on how much clearer it now sounds. I highly recommend it!. Also, the shipping time warning was a bit over exaggerated. Some additional filing will be needed to remove the sharp edges. 
Also, the shipping time warning was a bit over exaggerated. The next time you change your strings, check and see if your current nut is plastic. Rule of thumb, grind just a bit at a time and keep checking for correct height. I have bone on all of my guitars. 
Rule of thumb, grind just a bit at a time and keep checking for correct height. I was shocked at how much 'brighter' the guitar sounded with only this single change!Even my wife who claims to have a tin ear, commented on how much clearer it now sounds. Also, the shipping time warning was a bit over exaggerated. I had to file it down slightly to fit the slot and set the string height that I wanted but this was simple to do using a single flat metal nail file. 
My guitar's sustain was definitely improved with this nut. My strings stay in tune even better with this installed. You can always remove more material but you can't put it back on. My open B and E strings, with somewhat aggressive picking, would buzz like a sitar. 
can take anywhere you want. Or you can set the legs flush for maximum stability if space and the stand's footprint are not problems. Another feature that I like is the legs can be configured like a tripod with varying angles, which is useful for outdoors with light breezes that would knock over lighter stands. Buy it. 
ONLY MINE WAS A 'HAMILTON'). Highly reccomend this stand!. Nonsense. Great buy for the $. 
In fact, I have attached anAleratec Universal Tablet Mountto hold an iPad with sufficient room left over for a 438 page copy of theThe New Real Book - Volume 1and it holds those rock steady. Or you can set the legs flush for maximum stability if space and the stand's footprint are not problems. solid good stand, it is decent quality and doesn't have any places that will break easily. Far better than any light weight chrome stand, this has guts!  Easily adjustible, knobs tighten easily and firmly. 
I use it to store my guitar around the house or put it in the back of the car to transport it. Settled on this one because of price, reviews, and measurements posted here in the reviews that assured my my guitar would fit. The guitar fits it fine. Looked at a lot of cases most priced $90 or above. 
Looked at a lot of cases most priced $90 or above. Very happy with my purchase. It was way too short for my Seagull S-12 Coastline. I wouldn't check in with an airline, I can lean on the top and push it in. 
I use it to store my guitar around the house or put it in the back of the car to transport it. I don't think I would take it on an airline. Settled on this one because of price, reviews, and measurements posted here in the reviews that assured my my guitar would fit. For the money, this is a great guitar case. 
I don't think I would take it on an airline. They destroy luggage, so I don't think it would fair well. This is exactly what I was looking for the protect my investment. Mine opens and closes ok and the lock works. 
This is exactly what I was looking for the protect my investment. Very happy with my purchase. I don't think I would take it on an airline. I bought it for a Silvertone SD10, which costs about $120. 
This is exactly what I was looking for the protect my investment. I tried purchasing a soft case that had the Seagull logo on it and was advertized and fitting my guitar, it didn't. I have an Alvarez AD60 (dreadnaught style body) and it fits in this case nice and snug. This case is sweet! I love the black and crome, it looks great and the inside is well cusioned and really smooth. 
But the difference is negligible, and the improvement in tone and action was well worth the small additional expenditure of time and effort. This is real bone. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding. They are real bone and fit well on my Yamaha. 
The sustain is a drastic improvement, each note lasting nicely into the next. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding. It changed the tone to that of a classical  guitar. They are real bone and fit well on my Yamaha. 
If you own this or any other acoustic with plastic nut and saddle. MANY people suggested changing the stock plastic nut and bridge saddle to improve tone. WOW, it really did make a huge difference. I was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle. 
for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at GCyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on Monday, arrived on thursday. I was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle. Did not end up using them but will one day. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding. 
for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at GCyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on Monday, arrived on thursday. I was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle. MANY people suggested changing the stock plastic nut and bridge saddle to improve tone. Bought these as an extra set just in case I made a mistake when I was trying to cut down my nut and bridge. 
The saddle, after some minor rounding at the edges, fit perfectly as a replacement for the one that came with my Takamine acoustic. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding. Edit: I have since replaced the nut too, and am pleased to report it is a near perfect fit, though it is a tiny bit shorter across than the old one. for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at GCyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on Monday, arrived on thursday. 
After reading many review on my Yamaha 700 acoustic guitar I have owned and played for 4 months, I finally took the advice of other consumers. But, with the string and bone upgrades I can't imagine a sweeter sounding acoustic. I was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle. change them, it's a very quick fix. 
I have one for each guitar and just leave them on!. It's also cheap enough that even if you have other types of tuners, it's worth the money to get one of these for each guitar case. No reason to be out of tune with these tuners. There are lots of ways to tune a guitar ranging from using a tuning fork to sitting next to a properly tuned piano. 
I have one for each guitar and just leave them on!. No reason to be out of tune with these tuners. I love the Snark tuners, and I own several different models. I got the white one because I just liked that it was a unique, Amazon-only model. 
This tuner helps you not only start in tune but also develop some strategies to deal with those sour notes. Rock on. No reason to be out of tune with these tuners. Well, without a tuner like this someone playing woodwinds might not even realize how a number of notes, usually in the lower octaves, are a little off. 
The specs on the Fender and Chromacast do not back up reality, as the Fender advertizes 12mm padding, and the Chromacast advertizes 10mm padding. The Chromacast has thicker padding that is covered with cloth on the inside while the Fender does not go thisextra step. Nice build, PVC piping on pocket edges, adequate pad backpack straps for any acoustic weight. This is a nice heavy Cordura (like military spec heavy) with self repairing zippers (standard kind) and totally adequate pad, soft nylon lined, and bonus pockets. 
This was a temporary solution I don't recommend this for long term use it will probably fall apart. The specs on the Fender and Chromacast do not back up reality, as the Fender advertizes 12mm padding, and the Chromacast advertizes 10mm padding. Heavy rubber feet for standing it up, give a 1/2" of  wet ground protection if needed. The Chromacast also has many more pockets. 
The case is very convenient to carry, as it has a handle on the top, and a second handle on the side. The specs on the Fender and Chromacast do not back up reality, as the Fender advertizes 12mm padding, and the Chromacast advertizes 10mm padding. Some have reported that the case is too small to accommodate an acoustic guitar, but I was able to insert my 4. Heavy rubber feet for standing it up, give a 1/2" of  wet ground protection if needed. 
It's relatively inexpensive, fairly well built, and features a number of zippered compartments of varying configurations, to store accessories. What can you expect for $20 tho. While I wouldn't say to drop it off the roof or run over it with your car. I since then bought a new alvarez acoustic electric which i will be buying a hard case simply because the build quality and protection isnt there in a padded case. 
My Les Paul and Fat Strat, both fit well in the case. Manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a Les Paul style guitar. I'm not a fan of shaped Les Paul cases. this case is perfect for storing a guitar in, I would not recommend using it for traveling anywhere unless in the back of your own vehicle, it will protect your guitar but it is not a heavy duty case, for the price this would be hard to beat by anyone. 
I have an ESP Eclipse. Too bad. Manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a Les Paul style guitar. Not even close. 
As for size, it's designed for the narrower Fender style body electric guitars. Too bad. I believe it will hold up well for my use, and for someone playing weekend gigs. I have an ESP Eclipse. 
The quality of it is above my expectations. The only thing I would've like different is the accessory box inside. It could have better padding for instrument protection, ( compared to similar product from other makes. Great product, worth every penny. 
It provides good support and cushioning, with a roomy accessories compartment. Once again received a good product for a good price and fast delivery. This product meets all my expectations. All latch well and look good. 
This product meets all my expectations. Overall it is a bargain for the price. They could've make it a little bigger. I'm not a fan of shaped Les Paul cases. 
This electric guitar padded bag is exactly what I wanted. not as much padding as I would like. other than that I like the pockets and overall design. The price was right, the guitar is secure and wont' get scratched. 
This electric guitar padded bag is exactly what I wanted. It fits the guitar nicely. The price was right, the guitar is secure and wont' get scratched. my old bag had more. 
not as much padding as I would like. This bag has six separate compartments for storage - three main zipped compartments, each also with a zipped pocket for smaller items. Perfect! I also needed some new plectrums and this particular case came with a nice quantity bundled, as well as a guitar strap that I don't currently require as I already have one, but it's nice to have a spare now. This does the job but it's fairly thin and not all that well padded. 
A great little package for the price, but unfortunately, the zipper failed the first time I tried zipping it up. For twice the price, you can get a really nice Yamaha hard case that is way more than twice as good. Fits nice and provides good protection. Very well made with good padding. 
Returned this item because the zipper was already broken when I received it. Not durable! Spend a few more dollars, it is worth it. not as much padding as I would like. Very cost-effective. 
The price was right, the guitar is secure and wont' get scratched. not as much padding as I would like. I wanted something with several storage compartments, so I could organize all my guitar accessories in the case properly. The padding of the bag is quite thin, but firm, so is more than adequate enough to protect my guitar from bumps during transport and carrying. 
Not durable! Spend a few more dollars, it is worth it. Very cost-effective. Returned this item because the zipper was already broken when I received it. The pockets are deep enough to hold whatever you need for a gig. 
A great value. my old bag had more. It has six nice pockets, a rubber bumper, and two straps. Very well made with good padding. 
I wanted something with several storage compartments, so I could organize all my guitar accessories in the case properly. This electric guitar padded bag is exactly what I wanted. Perfect! I also needed some new plectrums and this particular case came with a nice quantity bundled, as well as a guitar strap that I don't currently require as I already have one, but it's nice to have a spare now. The padding of the bag is quite thin, but firm, so is more than adequate enough to protect my guitar from bumps during transport and carrying. 
I just wrapped it with bicycle handlebar padding and it works great. However it works great. My ATR2100 is a 2 inch diameter mic and this shockmount is probably meant for around 3 inches. This clamp-on boom serves the purpose, but has a hard time holding the weight of my Shure KSM 32 condenser mic. 
I have an AT 4033 in it and it holds it in place with no problems. Not too big and gets the job done. No stability problems whatsoever. It's sturdy, and holds even a heavy mic in any desired position. 
This boom has cleaned up my desk quite a bit and is great value for the price/performance ratio. However it works great. I just wrapped it with bicycle handlebar padding and it works great. This arm hold the weight of a ATR2100 microphone fine. 
Will NOT hold a Blue Yeti / Yeti Pro microphone. This arm hold the weight of a ATR2100 microphone fine. This clamp-on boom serves the purpose, but has a hard time holding the weight of my Shure KSM 32 condenser mic. No stability problems whatsoever. 
This boom has cleaned up my desk quite a bit and is great value for the price/performance ratio. There's no way to attach the shock mount to it (screws for securing it aren't provided, the holes dont match up, etc. I did have to slightly bend out the lower bit of the frame to allow it to freely move towards and away from me. Not too big and gets the job done. 
Tap twice to stop or tap twice and hold to start over. I personally am not a good enough musician to ever want to risk doing something like this, lest something go wrong on stage (and lest I subsequently find myself impaled on a drumstick). I've owned Loop Stations, DM-4s, Jam Mans, Samplers and all that jazz. I've owned mine since the day they came out and I have had no issues. 
So many things I have developed. I have other musicians online who jam with me and I can really do more than a handful of things in showing them where I am going with a song. It's only got a basic feature set but that's all I need. Let's be serious how many people really Loop for over five minutes?The unit is transparent when turned off I would highly recommend this Looper it's well worth the money. 
Placed at the end of your pedalboard, which is easy to do because of the DITTO's tiny footprint, the possibilities for live stunts and grooves is mind-blowing. I've owned mine since the day they came out and I have had no issues. Then, I found this for about $100, and I immediately sprung for it. I personally am not a good enough musician to ever want to risk doing something like this, lest something go wrong on stage (and lest I subsequently find myself impaled on a drumstick). 
Also, on most of my other phones, the speaker areas have fairly flat surfaces, while this one has the speakers jutting out of the cups and are covered by just one thin nylon sheet. So it's kind of like double trouble. Soooo bummed. For fit: I have a large noggin; like, size 7 5/8 hat. 
(no I do not work for Tascam). Yes, the lows could be a bit beefier, but out of the headphones I compared it to, only the Plantronics excelled in that area. And these headphones fit well!  Not too tight, snug, but not confining. Also, on most of my other phones, the speaker areas have fairly flat surfaces, while this one has the speakers jutting out of the cups and are covered by just one thin nylon sheet. 
I've tried these out in head-to-head (excuse the pun) runs versus Steelseries, Plantronics, Panasonic, and Sony headphones that all cost more. I do hear a little noise when they're plugged into my computer and nothing is playing, though not so for my iPod(so I'm not sure if this can be blamed on the headphones). I was a little hesitant to get over-ear headphones in fear of this, and unfortunately it did turn out to be a problem. Who knows, maybe they'll wear in and improve. 
Some exceptional pros are balanced by some cons. The TASCAMs have better sound, but the Sennheiser is more comfortable(they're lighter and the ear cups are oval shaped and fit better). Seriously, I'd rather buy three of these and burn through them if they break (which they haven't, and I've taken them everywhere) than spend $100 on another set. The sound is good enough to give it a couple stars, and the price low enough for one more. 
I definitely feel relieved to have them off. Besides the volume, these differences weren't huge. The bass seemed more supported, higher notes felt smoother and less static-like, etc. The M50s are significantly more comfortable(though they do make your ears warmer), and the build feels better(stronger, smoother adjustments, prettier, etc. 
Excellent sound quality, premium fit and comfort for wearing all day as we do at the station. Seriously, I'd rather buy three of these and burn through them if they break (which they haven't, and I've taken them everywhere) than spend $100 on another set. Soooo bummed. For fit: I have a large noggin; like, size 7 5/8 hat. 
I brought the pre and post gain up to a reasonable level and BOOM. Excellent top quality features. The bass sounds great and when I played Here Comes the Sun on my acoustic, I'd swear the tone sounded like the Beatles record. The factory setup is great, but you can set it up anyway you want it. 
After experimenting more, I would not hesitate to use the Peavey for rehearsals and performances with that band. VERY VERY loud electric guitar amp! As a bass player, I was shocked that 40W could be that loud for guitar. The acoustic setting really made my cheap electric guitar SOUND like it was an actual acoustic. When you switch it to acoustic or bass mode, the volume decreases dramatically, but it is a great amp for guitar players who also play bass occasionally. 
Awesome value for the price!Edit: I've played through it more as a bass amp and after turning some dials and trying out the different settings. There are SO many settings on this amp you could spend hours with news sounds and effects, so sick! It's fun experimenting with different effects and mixing them to something new. Great amp if you're just looking for something to either mess around on or practice with. I have the Fender Mustang IV and I would say the fender is a superior modeling amp, but if you want to use an amp for bass and acoustic guitar as well as a modeling amp this is the amp to get. 
(boss has it's problems too, believe me)sometimes it just hangs up, (think there is an unlock or reset pen press thing on the side)HORRIBLE REVERBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!moreEven though this untit has its good and not so goods, it is a great device, you can import and export songs to this to and from your computers recording software, remember its 16 bit wavs only to and from DAW. If I was just starting out in home multitrack recording and didn't have a lot to spend, I think the DP-008 might be a good choice. I can get a decent acoustic piano recording in a good-sounding room but for close mic recording of guitar (acoustic or electric amp), violin, or percussion I want the flexibility of a mic stand and better quality mics. But I can't help believing that a simple digital equivalent of my old MK-II cassette 4-track would satisfy a lot of people out there (and not to mention make a terrific hack for someone with the electronics chops to pull it off!). 
I can record some very polished songs on my laptop, but the Tascam does come close. Plus it's fun to record vocals in the bathroom and kitchen areas. I kept forgetting the sequences to set up rhythm tracks, record, and mix down, and ended up having to repeat things over and over. You can record 8 tracks and then bounce them to free up more tracks. 
After the DP-004 Tascam produced a follow-on six track unit and this recorder, the 8-track DP-008. WIth 8 full tracks there's no need to do track bouncing to get four instruments and four voices down, and if you really need to, you can bounce and add a further six tracks, giving you 14 in all. has effects has a metronome, mastering internal track apart form the 8 tracks, built in guitar tuner, EQ, Compression in and out, nice dual stereo up front mics that are real good sounding and all 8 track mixing, bouncing to 2 of your tracks  even the tracks that are bounced to, the previous tracks 'that are there' that still are plying bounce too, very cool. and much more. 
But the DP-008EX is stuffed with knobs and buttons and even my first multi-tracker, a Fostex X-15, effectively doubled-up the functionality of two tracks to cover four. There were plenty of 8-track recorders out there, but none that were that small and that inexpensive. I don't think it's going to replace my iPod for pocket portability or my iPad for functionality (Garage Band gives me a full orchestra, keyboards and drums as well) but having the microphones and instrument preamps built in does make it much easier to set up and use for live recording. Unlike the DP-004, it comes with an external power supply in the box (a $24 option with the original 004) and can use an external battery pack. 
THE GOOD: 8 tracks that can be recorded 2 at a time. I hoped the DP-008EX would provide some of that older experience - with digital audio quality in a size that would integrate easily with my existing setup. It's also more than just a DP-008 with more tracks. But I can't help believing that a simple digital equivalent of my old MK-II cassette 4-track would satisfy a lot of people out there (and not to mention make a terrific hack for someone with the electronics chops to pull it off!). 
Easy export to Protools for final mix but the internal tools are sufficient for a decent working demo. Most of that functionality is menu-based, rather than being accessibly directly from the front panel, and I have to say that's one thing I don't really care for. I've been playing with my 008 all weekend, doing a mixture of stereo and multitrack recordings. When space for knobs and buttons is severely limited I can understand the design thinking and trade-offs that drive having so much functionality accessible through the menu. 
What flashed on the screen was 154 megabytes and then all you see is an install screen with a scrolling series of round objects moving. Then you have Pro Tools 9, and 10 full blown versions, none of this LE stuff, and an interface, and can grow from there. Got the drivers for Mac from the website and it instantly showed up in core-audio. I am not a novice at home recording, as I have used many devices from 4 track cassettes to ProTools setups over the years. 
I tried it and the light wouldn't even come on indicating USB. There is also an owner's manual for both the Interface, and Cubase that are available either on the DVD, or by Googling the same and they come up as a PDF download. All set to trade my tracks with fellow musicians around the globe. These Pro Tools 9 bundles are discounted to make way for 11, and I am seeing music stores running out of them. 
I know myLogitech AudioHub Notebook Speakersare non-functional in my Vista laptop if you are running Windows Media Center in it as well. Easy set up. Until then, I'm disappointed. All set to trade my tracks with fellow musicians around the globe. 
They provide you with an activation code after you register. I wouldn't recommend it for serious studio work though and I would rather drag my Pro Tools I/O rack to a location if I was in the field. These Pro Tools 9 bundles are discounted to make way for 11, and I am seeing music stores running out of them. Pro Tools 10- Professional audio recording and music creation softwareis out and Pro Tools 11 is now being released. 
It took at least 15 minutes to do that update. It seems that the bottom panel is not secure and is a bit loose. It almost tempts you to think something is wrong, because nothing is happening other than the scrolling, and then finally after ten minutes or so a dialogue box comes up and says, "Do you want to install?" and you click continue, and then it comes up again in another minute, and this happens a few times, and then finally it changes over to an installation finished box. Also, the complete lack of a manual with the one I got made it very difficult understand the functions. 
There is also an owner's manual for both the Interface, and Cubase that are available either on the DVD, or by Googling the same and they come up as a PDF download. I tried it and the light wouldn't even come on indicating USB. It seems that the bottom panel is not secure and is a bit loose. I noticed that the unit made a clinking noise when I picked it up after taking it out of the box. 
(I have Verizon FIOS and usually download huge amount of data in a flash). I have been running it with Pro Tools 9 since 2011. I wouldn't recommend it for serious studio work though and I would rather drag my Pro Tools I/O rack to a location if I was in the field. Pro Tools 10- Professional audio recording and music creation softwareis out and Pro Tools 11 is now being released. 
nice cloth covered, large strain relied, good plugs (put a bit of thread lock on them they unscrew almost unintentionally). LOL The cord delivers good sound quality. The only problem I have with it is that it gets tangled up rather easy. It's barely audible, but it's distracting nonetheless. 
Very nice quality. I've been using this cable regularly for a while and it works great. LOL The cord delivers good sound quality. nice cloth covered, large strain relied, good plugs (put a bit of thread lock on them they unscrew almost unintentionally). 
That's what you get with this. 8 and hard, you get a selection. After taking my guitar lessons. Buy it if you don't know which size or shape will work best for you. 
After taking my guitar lessons. My dad plays guitar, and he likes the thinner onnes. A good variety of different picks. Picks are good quality and would recommend to anyone looking for picks. 
A fine inexpensive assortment of thicknesses for the beginning guitarist to choose from. Great price for 12 picks spanning from light - heavy. But I needed a variety pack to try different thicknesses. 8 and hard, you get a selection. 
Anything can be knocked over, but this really works better than you might believe. If I had this then my beloved flamenco guitar might not have tipped over and broken it's headstock on the hard flood. The best for the price I supposeGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. You have just simply got to try this little guitar stand. 
Everyone who sees it loves it. Throw this right in my little storage bag I use for my gigging materials. Anything can be knocked over, but this really works better than you might believe. Goood !. 
So sad. Everyone who sees it loves it. It folds up so small, and yet remains very stable in use. If I had this then my beloved flamenco guitar might not have tipped over and broken it's headstock on the hard flood. 
Anything can be knocked over, but this really works better than you might believe. Throw this right in my little storage bag I use for my gigging materials. folds up easy, fits great. You have just simply got to try this little guitar stand. 
Everyone who sees it loves it. Anything can be knocked over, but this really works better than you might believe. folds up easy, fits great. You have just simply got to try this little guitar stand. 
Pros:-Sturdier than expected-Moving parts are all smooth and do not feel like they will deteriorateCons:-If you want to keep the shoulder rest on a violin, it *almost* fits on this stand. Make no mistake - this stand is not pretty, it feels and looks like cheap plastic, but it does the job. I use the stand at home too. It has a nice rubber padding so I trust putting my instrument on it. 
This is a great portable uke stand to have with you. This stand is small, compact, and sturdy. This stand holds up my ukulele, so yay. Having this stand is a lot better than just laying your uke on the floor. 
It's perfect to take along to a gig or practice, and therefore have a safe place to put the uke down. It holds my tenor uke just fine, and when folded, fits into the pocket of my uke case. It folds up small and will fit in the outside pocket on your uke gig bag. This is a great portable uke stand to have with you. 
It has a nice rubber padding so I trust putting my instrument on it. It folds up small and will fit in the outside pocket on your uke gig bag. It's perfect to take along to a gig or practice, and therefore have a safe place to put the uke down. Pros:-Sturdier than expected-Moving parts are all smooth and do not feel like they will deteriorateCons:-If you want to keep the shoulder rest on a violin, it *almost* fits on this stand. 
Another doesn't, and is very clean, even on the factory preset clean. But for a small room it's great!Common complaint I have seen:  No clean channel/preset. This is not a massive cabinet, so you aren't going to get that &#34;big&#34; a sound, regardless. If you get the fender fuse software (license comes with the amp) you can get some pretty amazing &#34;pre&#34; sets from fender and other users. 
There is so much debate out there about amps vs solid state (this is a solid state). IT has several presets, to emulate different sounds. Though I am very much a beginner, I have a greater appreciation for the nuances an amp's eq can have on your guitar's tone. But for practicing in your bedroom or similar it's perfect. 
Luv it, I had version #1 and this amp isnt much different. I very nearly got a different amp. This is a pretty complex amp, and will require quite a bit of time to figure out everything that it can do. This is a modeling amp. 
But for a small room it's great!Common complaint I have seen:  No clean channel/preset. You can connect it via the USB port to your PC not only for using the rather cheesy Fender software, but it lets you pipe your guitar's sounds into software like Garage Band. You can simulate all you want (and I am talking much more expensive SW solutions, its like imitation chocolate vs. But it you're looking for a powerful sound with endless possibilities. 
The best way to describe this stand. I use one for my electric and another for acoustic. This stand is sturdy and my guitars &#34;seat&#34; like an anchor. Cheap. 
This stand is sturdy and my guitars &#34;seat&#34; like an anchor. This worked well for that. You can't go wrong with this. Small and sturdy. 
Not the best but not the worse. It leans WAYYY too far back. It's lightweight but super-stable. I like it so much that I ordered three more. 
Nothing more to say, but it said I needed 1 more word. This one is so secure and my guitar has never felt like it would tip over. I bought 3 of these and will by more for my guitar collection. I use it at practice and during our live shows. 
Good value. This worked well for that. This guitar stand is as basic as you can get. Perfect stand as long as you don't have others(roomates,kids,pets,etc. 
It has a nice solid construction and a sturdy stance. Buy one. It leans WAYYY too far back. Buy a couple. 
Clips easily to your guitar and turns where you can see the letters when tuning. This a great chromatic clip on guitar tuner. Every once and a while I play the bass guitar and while I use the Snark for my guitars, itwill not tune the bass; this tuner does a great job of that task, plus the guitar. However I could have got this product for a lot cheaper!. 
This is one of the best tuner I have had, what a great value for a low cost. Every once and a while I play the bass guitar and while I use the Snark for my guitars, itwill not tune the bass; this tuner does a great job of that task, plus the guitar. I've been using this for a month or so and it works as described. Thank to all for selling this Guitar Tuner at Amazon. 
This is one of the best tuner I have had, what a great value for a low cost. It would be nice if there was a sound feature. One other thing that I had in mind, so I'll say it here. Little harder to read than I would have liked, especially in sunlight. 
So far the tuner is very accurate. in conclusion I would like to say that the Clip-on GT-1 is a good quality. However I could have got this product for a lot cheaper!. It's smaller than i thought, it works fine and it picks the string really fast. 
The letters are big so you don't have to strain your eyes to see the notes when you tune. Every once and a while I play the bass guitar and while I use the Snark for my guitars, itwill not tune the bass; this tuner does a great job of that task, plus the guitar. It does only tune in the regular A tune (so E, A, D, G, B, E). However I could have got this product for a lot cheaper!. 
improved foot switch. Highly recommend getting one of these, you know, unless you want to grab a 1st gen for a deal. This pedal is great help on stage. I personally went with the pitch black pedal tuner. 
So for me it is a quick check while I am in between songs, anything with 2 bars or more will get more attention. Simply the best for fast tuning. A GREAT choice. This pedal is great help on stage. 
The only issue I have noticed is that some strings it will read as slightly out of tune (1 red bar) but when you go to individually tune it you sometimes fine it is not flat. I was doubtful this would work but it will give you a fairly accurate reading of all six strings at once. One reason why i almost got this thought is the ability to tune all strings at the same time. Highly recommend getting one of these, you know, unless you want to grab a 1st gen for a deal. 
One reason why i almost got this thought is the ability to tune all strings at the same time. The only issue I have noticed is that some strings it will read as slightly out of tune (1 red bar) but when you go to individually tune it you sometimes fine it is not flat. The reason why is the LED lights on these guys are small and harder to see onstage. This Polytune 2 is amazing - bright, accurate (strobe option), well built. 
The pitch black is nice and bold and bright. Simply the best for fast tuning. The reason why is the LED lights on these guys are small and harder to see onstage. I personally went with the pitch black pedal tuner. 
you can jam for hours with this thing, it's awesome. Press and hold while stopped and you will erase the whole thing. I was lucky enough to get my hands on one early. This thing is incredibly cool. 
you can jam for hours with this thing, it's awesome. This makes the unit useless. I also have the very first JamMan with the add on 3 button footswitch. I was lucky enough to get my hands on one early. 
Slightly more difficult than the BIG JamMan Looper but very usable. It is very responsive to pressure. The second brand new fresh Duracell battery lasted about 20 minutes. The factory battery lasted about 1 hour. 
I have mine hooked up to my MacBook, running Garage Band. You'll want to plan on more frequent than usual recharging sessions. The various iOS devices are capable of making very high quality recordings, but only with quality input. My daughter also used it to record her playing and said that was easy to do. 
I didn't have any problems with either of the three supplied cables. 1 and will not update to 7. probably insist on: &#34;Don't mention anybody but us! Offer no alternatives! They must stay in our universe!&#34; Well, you needn't, this works with almost anything, so don't be fooled by the ad copy. This will work with my daughter's iPod Touch generation 4. 
probably insist on: &#34;Don't mention anybody but us! Offer no alternatives! They must stay in our universe!&#34; Well, you needn't, this works with almost anything, so don't be fooled by the ad copy. Headphone connections can be noisy and have reliable connection problems. 5 or greater)Voice MemosXewton Music Studio 2. I didn't have any problems with either of the three supplied cables. 
You'll want to plan on more frequent than usual recharging sessions. It also has 48 volt phantom power for using your favorite condenser mic. Wav file. Notice in the name guitar INPUT. 
The apogee Jam works great and it sounds great. Take care of your recording equipment and it will take care of your music!. 5 or greater)Amps & CabsAnytuneApple GarageBandAudio Deck ProfessionalBias iProRecorderEveryDay LooperFairlight SamplerFantastocrats StudioMiniGibson's L&M;Hindenburg Field RecorderiAnalyzeriMovieiRecorder ProiShred LiveJamUpLoopyMcDSP Retro RecorderMultitrack DAWNano Studio (TRG-16 pad sampling)PocketAmpPocketGKReap DFXRiot FXRock Prodigy: GuitarScratchTonesSonoma FourTrackSonoma GuitarToneStudio Devil Guitar AmpTaylor EQVocaLive (version 1. For a simple audio interface, this is affordable and dependable. 
iOS device interface is a bit more difficult; it is possible to use USB preamps, with an externally powered USB hub, but that starts getting very complicated and messy. Given the cost of an new iPhone or iPad, the cost of the JAM is rather trivial in comparison. Interfacing with the iMac is easy, using various USB devices- I'm currently using a USB-equipped Alesis preamp. With the iPad, this isn't as noticeable. 
Record companies and file hosts are increasingly anachronistic due to tech like this JAM, and maybe soon enough we'll see artists keeping ALL of the profits from their art. Given the cost of an new iPhone or iPad, the cost of the JAM is rather trivial in comparison. It's simple to use, has no detectable latency, and delivers excellent sound quality. BUT: I haven't encountered anything so Plug & Play simple as the Apogee JAM 96k since Gefen introduced the iMic. 
