does this pedal work on Yamaha P-35 keyboards?
Will this fc-5 pedal work to turn effects off/on on a yamaha mg10xu mixer?
Will this pedal work for the yamaha psrgx76?
My Yamaha PSR-160 has no 1/4" input jack, just a 1/4" headphone jack. It has MIDI input/output jacks. Can I connect a sustain/damper pedal somehow?
does it work on non yamaha keyboards
Does this pedal work on yamaha psr 160?
Will this work with the Yamaha YPT-240 keyboard?
Does this pedal work for P-105? I have a F-4, which doesn't seem to sustain too well, and I'm looking for a better sustain pedal.
Will this work for bass guitars as well ?
Is this a "stereo" cable, i.e., correct for connecting a foot controller (e.g., Roland GA-FC) to a combo amp (e.g., Roland GA-112) ?
Can you use this cable to connect a guitar to a sound board?
Can it uesed for connecting monitors and MBOX2
Will this cable work with a Fender Strat Squier?
my uncle just gave me his electric guitar and he told me ill need to buy the cable "1/4 inch to 1/4 inch". is this it? i have no idea :p
Will this work to connect a mic to a soundbar for karoake using the aux on the soundbar?
Can I use this to connect a professional mic to a laptop through a soundcard: "Creative Sound Blaster Omni". I mean would soundcard work as a preamp?
I got a question. I got a Mono Microphone using XLR. My goal is to connect the mic to my laptop and record using Audition. Will this Adapter work?
I may have bought the wrong cable yesterday. I want a shotgun XLR to stereo mini with the signal equal on both channels. Is this the right one?
Will this work to connect a RODE NTG2 shotgun mic to a standard Nixon DSLR?
Would a sennheiser HMD280-13 and this adapter work in a regular computer 3.5mm mic port for recording?
Can this be used to connect a Shure SM48-LC Vocal Dynamic Microphone with a Yamaha Receiver RX v575?
Could I use this to connect a Yamaha MG10 sound mixer to a laptop?
Will this create the same sound quality that plugging straight into an XLR port would have?
Would this cable work with the CanonT3i?
Will this connect an Azden SGM 2x to a canon T5i Dslr?
Can this work with canon dslr 550d?
Can this connect to an Envy laptop?
Do you happen to have any idea if this is the correct cable to connect an Azden SGM-1X microphone to a Canon T5i? I believe it is but am not 100% sure
I want a jack to plug into a Samsung Galaxy 3 so I can use a mic with a 1/4 male...will this work? If not can you tell me what will. Thanks
I just bought Shure PG58-XLR Cardioid Dynamic Vocal Microphone but, i need a adapter trs to my camputer.is this work?
will this adapter work with a cannon T3i
Does this work properly for hooking up say an iPod to a powered speaker? Currently the cable I use mutes the vocals.
Has anyone used this to split a stereo signal? Want to use with the AT2022 mic--which uses a stereo 3-pin XLR output. Appreciate any info!
is this a digital cable
Does this work the other way? I need to pull two separate mic outs from a Shure wireless handheld/lav combo into a single input for house sound.
Can I use this to go from a R and L XLR into a single XLR out?
Can I use this for connecting two PA Amplifiers that don't have Outputs?
Does this 5oz can of DeoxIT D5 come with a precision spray tube?
Can I use this spray on my trailer 7 way plug and truck connector
Can this product be compared with Kontak Audio Contact Cleaning Fluid http://www.amazon.co.uk/Kontak-Audio-...
will this spray fix a noisy volume control? volume control makes popping sound when I turn up and down the volume
will this work on snes game contacts
does this microphone have to be plugged into anything?
Can this microphone be plugged into a Casio CTK-700 keyboard
can you plug it to home theater system
Can this microphone be put I'm any mic holder
Will this work with a Behringer Xenyx 802 Premium?
can it be attached to a video camera with a cable?
Brand new to microphones. Do I need to buy the cable, and what does it do?
does it have bluetooth
can I use this with my computer
Does this work. Alone or do I need to purchase something else
would this MIC work with a XLR to 1 4 Cable as well? I need it both to record and to plug into an amplifier...
Can i use this microphone to a non-phantom powered pa system. can you recommend other shure brand for use on non-phantom pa system? thanks bc
Does the Shure Sm 58 Vocal Microphone (with on off switch) includes cable?
Do any one knows if this this micophone comes with a cord ?
does this beta 58a microphone have a switch to turn it on and off?
Is this BETA 58A also good for recording instruments such a guitar? ISH.
Is this a UHF wireless microphone?
can it be connected with PC
Do the silk and steel strings sound really bright?
Can the os-2 pedal also be used with a bass guitar
does the boss os-2 take a battery instead of the ac adapter?
Does it come with an ac adapter cord?
Is it made in japan? i had this pedal in the 90s, now I want it back to my pedal board. Just curious about how well are they made now
will these fit on a Epiphone Les Paul
Will the strap ends work on a thick leather strap like a Walker/ Williams premium?
do these fit acoustic guitars as well as electrics?
Does it need to be drilled to work with a seagull guitar?
Will I have to drill? Yamaha apx500ii
Will these work with (without any drilling) epiphone sg g-400?
Is this guitar easy for people, adults, with small hands?
can you install a tremolo system on it without drilling holes in the body
Does this come with the amp cable?
Can this work with the game RockSmith?
If I buy this, would I have to buy anything else for it to function?
Does this have true bypass?
will the one spot from visual sound power it?
Will the Voodoo labs power supply work with this pedal?
Will this also work as a volume pedal?
Does it work with a Samson Go Mic Compact USB Microphone?
Would this work on a AT2020 USB Condenser Mic?
Would the clamp be suitable to attaching to a desk stand? I'm considering using it with the OnStage DS7200B, and hope it fits nicely. Thanks
will this work with a blue snowball microphone?
will this hook to a mic stand and clamp to a desktop
Does this pop filter work with the Blue Yeti?
does this clamp onto the bue yeti stand
Does this have a gain control?
Would this be a good choice for cross-over from classical music to rock with an electric violin?
Does this pedal use a 9V 300mA power supply?
Does this pedal work for bass?
Does it come with cabble
Will this work with the Roland Cube 40XL?
Does this come with a cable to connect it to a Boss BR-800 recording studio? I know know what to buy for a cable.
Does this require a power source?
For the boss dd-7 hold/loop feature.. can this be used to start and stop a loop?
I have a Taylor acoustic guitar with an internal pickup to plug the guitar into an amp. Can I use this pedal as a middleman between guitar and amp?
Will this work with a dd3 delay pedal?
Will this work for a Roland Cube 40XL amp?
can you plug an ipod into this amp?
I want to use this with a mic for my Sax to play at rehearsal. Would it be loud enough..?
Can you use for a vocal mic.
does it fit a left handed epiphone les paul guitar?
will this work with a les paul studio
Does my ES 175 premium fit in this case?
I have a Ibanez Artcore Hollow Body with wammy. Will this case fork for it?
will a 4 string epiphone les paul standard bass year model 2003 fit in this case
Will the case fit the Epiphone Riviera Hollow Body P93
Does a Epiphone les paul special I P-90 fit in?
Does this case fit a Les Paul Junior model?
will it fit an epiphone genesis deluxe pro
Lam Alder/Maple,is it good?
Does this guitar have a pick guard? http://www.amazon.com/Epiphone-Specia...
Does it come with a strap?
is there a place to put a strap on the back?
about 10 minutes after tuning the guitar, should the G string break. Are you kidding me, she hasn't even gotten started?!!!
Does the design look exactly like in the picture? Im talking about the nice wood line finish on the picture.
I once bought a super cheap guitar and it smelled heavily of varnish. Does this guitar (in any of the finishes) smell strongly? Weird question i guess
Does this model have a truss rod?
Does this guitar have a truss rod ?
Will it fit an Epiphone Les Paul-100?
Will this bag fit an Epiphone Les Paul Florentine (semi-hollowbody)?
Can it fit an acoustic guitar?
will it fit epiphone SG model?
will it fit bc rich warbeast trace?
Will this bag work for a Ephiphone Gibson PR200 NA?
will this bag hold most electric guitars?
Do these include both two of the Mopads and two of the related wedges, which allow a range of speaker angles from 8 degrees down to 8 degrees up?
Will one pair take care of two Mackie MR5's?
Do these work for krk rokit 8s? The length and width seems to be quite short.
is this going to fit the tannoy reveal 402?
If these are bigger than your speaker footprint, do you cut them down to size?
Will these pads mark/discolor a wood floor?
do have a drawing of the Mopads to show dimensions, height, length angle, have to predict the height of my tweeter in the room
does the package have a sticker?
Can this product use with violin?
My favorite guitar is stored out in the open on a stand. My other guitars are in cases. Is this the right humidifier for me?
Is this supposed to come with a sponge included? I just got mine and there was no sponge in it.
Will this humidifier work with a 3/4 size guitar?
Will the GEL PAK for the STRETTO HUMIDIFIER for violin fit in this container instead of a sponge?I am confident with the gel pak.NO DRIPS.LASTS LONG.
Will the GEL PAK for the STRETTO HUMIDIFIER for violin fit in this container instead of a sponge?I am confident with the gel pak.NO DRIPS.LASTS LONG.
Is this a good mic for podcasting (with the right mixer and equipment, of course)?
Is this a good enough quality mic to use for street performing? (vocal and acoustic guitar)
could i use this to record vocals and acoustic guitar, as well as be able to mic up my electric guitar amp?
what does "CE"mean on the body on my newly purchased sm48?..my old sm48 (bought in amazon too) does not have
Will this mic work with an xlr to 1/4 cable plugged into an amp?
Is there a headphone out socket?
Would this be good for bass guitar?
Can I plug an ipod into this?
does it have an aux in to play devices through it?
Has anyone tried an AC adapter when the amp won't work with batteries? Just wondering if that would make a difference before buying one.
Would like to know what cord to use to plug in from ukulele pickup to Pignose amplifier.
Is there a plug microphone?
the mic clip is too small, is there a specific mic clip i need to buy to be compatible with this mic stand?
Is the base detachable
does samson meteor fit on this?
will this fit the at2020 with a shockmount?
Would this be suitable while playing the keyboard (I am short) ?
Does the mic adapter unscrew to put on a different one ?
Is there a certain xlr mtf cable that produces phantom power that I have to use with this mic? If so, I want a noise free one with good quality
Does this microphone perform better than the Blue Yeti?
Will a Mackie blackjack have enough power for this mic? (its an usb 1.1 interface)
would this be suitable for holding a banjo?
Is this suitable for a 3/4 size guitar?
Would a ukulele fit for this stand?
Would this be a suitable stand for a Baby Taylor Guitar?
Would this work for an acoustic ovation guitar with the rounded back?(old model with rounded back. Balleder model 1112-4.)
Has anyone used this stand with a cello? My daughter has a 1/4 cello and I am trying to find something inexpensive.
Will this fit the tuner for a banjo's 5th string? (It's a bit larger than the other strings' tuners)
Does it work on classic guitar?
Will the bass version tuner work just as well on regular electric and acoustic guitars?
Does the guitar one clip bass strings fine? I dont want to need a separate one for bass and guitar.
Can the guitar version of this cut bass strings as well as guitar strings?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
Is the third string wound?
can i use these strings on an accoustic guitar?
do these ones have the anti-rust plain steels?
Is this ok, on satin finish ?
Does this work well on a Strat? I just bought my first one and want to do everything right with it.
Will this maintenance kit work on a les paul I'm new and heard some clear coat finishes can't handle certain cleaners and polishes what should I use
Flamed maple top Mahogany body Mahogany neck Rosewood fretboard with albony and pearl inlays...Would this be okay to use?
Can i use this to clean maple necks?
Does this kit include the Dunlop Fretboard 65 Ultimate Lemon Oil and string winder?
I have Seagull Acustic Guitar. Company's website says do not use wax based cleaning materials. Does any of the liquid in this package made of wax?
Do these work with the Epiphone DR-100 Acoustic Guitar? I'm a beginner
Will this make you sound like Sungha Jung?
I have a baby taylor acoustic guitar. Can I use these strings? I'm a beginner..
is it good
Could someone recommend a good/inexpensive hard case; would it fit in the EPIPHONE LES PAUL HARD CASE?
does it come with amp cord, picks?
Can i see the real guitar in the box for see what wood look ?
Excuse me, do you ship this to the United Kingdom?
is it useed in bands
will a km-140 fit in this case
does a kentucky standard a model km-150 mandolin fit in this case please answer asap
is this a good cable to connect a Roland KC550 amplifier to a Roland RD-700 digital piano
The description seems to indicate that this cable is tailored for guitars. Will it still work well on other things (like a keyboard)?
My Takamine/ Jas is acc/electric.I don't want the hassle of having to loosen its strings to change the battery. Is this p/u ez to mount?
Will this work with a lef-handed guitar (ie. can it be flipped or rotated)?
Is this compatible with Rocksmith?
does this work fine for nylon??
Can this be used with a Tascam CD-GT2 for training?
Would this work with a Seagull 3/4 size guitar?
will this pickup fit the sound hole of a martin LX1 acoustic guitar?
Would this pickup be good for use in an acoustic bass guitar?
Will my Fender Jazzmaster Electric Guitar fit in this properly?
Will it fit a Gibson Firebird?
We need a hard case for the Squier Fender Bronco Bass. It is a bit smaller - for a young player. Will this fit?
Will my Ibanez S570dxqm fit in this?
Will this fit a Fender mustang?
does this case can fit on a esp ltd ec1000 lefthanded deluxe model ?
Does this fit a Line 6 Variax JTV 89F guitar?
Is this the mic Marc Maron uses on the show for podcasting?
My interface's preamps have 57 dB of gain. Given that this is so close to 60, do you think it would work alright?
Would this work with the blue icicle?
Does anyone have tried to use it with Mackie 802? I intend to use one with my Mackie but not sure if the gain will be enough! I'm open to suggestions.
Could this be used as a good mic for things like quality voice overs for YouTube videos and Lets Plays?
Does the seat swivel?
does the seat come off the shaft for transport?
Will it work well with a bass guitar?
does the ac adapter come with it
Does this pedal add a lot of noise to your signal?
Can this be powered with a Voodoo Labs ISO-5 (which has an isolated 18V DC output)?
does this foot switch work with any yamaha keyboards
Will this work on an older model Yamaha PSR 300m FC 3?
Will this work withYamaha PSR-GX76
Does this work with the Yamaha MM6?
Does this pedal work with YPT-300?
Does this pedal work on CTK-611 casio organ? If it is, so which button on my Casio should i press in order for the pedal work normaly.
I have a PSR220F, does this pedal work with my beginners keyboard?
Does this work for Yamaha YPG-235
When using this pedal with a Yamaha DD65, are the pedals velocity sensitive?
does it have two strap buttons so you can put a guitar strap on it?
Does it come with a clamp?
Is there a warranty when you buy it from amazon?
does this guitar come with a case
Would any bass fit in this case? No pun intended.
I built my own guitar based on the design of a gibson explorer. It's 45" long, and 15" wide, but if I turn it, it narrows down to 14". Will it work?
Will a Jackson JS32 Rhoads guitar fit in this case? It has a really odd shape.
can you play these on a djembe?
Are these for electronic drum set?
Do I need any extra grip?
I'm turning 14 but i have really small hands. Would it still be good for me?
I'm almost 14. Would This guitar be better for me than the Squier BulletStrat HSS w/Trem?
is this a kids guitar?
Is it made in the USA
most companys are proud of their warranties. Do'es the dr-212, 12 string even have a warranty? george lee
will DR-212 fit in Epiphone dreadnought case that holds my DR-100?
When this guitar is ordered, payed for and then delivered, does it come with the strings too?
does it come with the screws?
Will this hanger work for a uke?
Will it hold a wide neck (12 string) guitar?
Will this work for hanging a cello?
I just bought a heavy LP. (10 lbs) I have it hung up with the anchors that came with the holder. Should I be afraid to leave it hanging?
Do the hangers unscrew and the plate stay on wall? for easy removal of hanger part
does the hanger come off and base stay in place? i want to mount them to the sides of my stack but want to remove quicly to transort.
How "foldable" is it? Looks like base collapses and stem may retract, but otherwise doesn't look like it gets very portable without a carrying case.
Can the stand be rigged such that the top can be tightened with the plate horizontal for using as a projector stand on the stage?
How high (in inches) is the stand when fully extended from bottom to top?
Did anyone find a carry bag for this stand?
Does is fit the ES 355 Limited edition with bigsby??
Does this case fit the ES-335 Pro? Thanks!
Will this case fit a 1958 Gibson ES- 125T ? The lower bout of this guitar is maybe one quarter inch wider then the listed dimension of the case .
will this case fit the epiphone riviera p93 with bigsby tailpiece?
will this case fit an Oscar Schmidt OE30
hello there, are u shipping to Australia? thanks
Mine was shipped with no assembly instructions. Are any available?
is the plate maganitized? for magnet clips
Does this mic have a USB port?
Is this the kind of mic that works with an audio interface (that connects to a computer) and can record guitar and vocals?
Phantom Power: If I am using a mixer that supplies phantom power with a phantom power mic, does the other mic in the mixer need to use phantom power as well?
I want to use this mic for an instrument, would it work OK?
Can I use this mic for live performance on an instrument?
Will it hold a Fender Bass?
does it hold guitars really good?
Is hardware included?
Will this work as a shotgun mount?
are these safe for nitrocellulose finishes?
Does this bag fit Line 6 POD HD 300?
Will this bag fit the Korg microKEY-37?
Will this bag fit the Line 6 FBV Shortboard MkII Foot Controller?
Would the BOSS ME-80 multiple effects peddle fit in this bag?
Does this bag fit a GT-100 + power chord?
Does this bag fit Korg TRITON Taktile-49 Controller Keyboard?
Will the Casio SA-76 mini keyboard fit inside?
Does this fit on the Zoom H4n?
does it work with the blue yeti
Will this fit over an h2n zoom?
Does this foam ball fit on a Pyle Pro pdmic78 moving coil microphone?
Will this cut down on the popping sound of p, t, &amp; k?
I have a old AKG mic (no "ball" on top. The top diameter is a little larger than a nickel,. Will one of these fit ?
Can this fit on a microphone behringer XM8500?
Does this come with the "by takamine" inscribed below the Jasmine?
is it a 3/4 size
Is the back slightly barreled/rounded/curved?
Does the guitar also do fine with nylon strings?
Does it have metal threads?
Is this for the 5/8 inch thread?
does it work with shure beta 58 mics
Will this work with my Ronco Mr. Microphone? (Google Old Mr. Microphone commercial-same folks who brought us The Popeil Pocket Fisherman!)
May I use this for Sennheiser e835?
Will this work for wiping off rosin on a violin?
Can this be used for High Gloss piano?
does this strap work on a Hondo II A style mando?
Hi, will this fit the Boss PSM 5 power supply/master switch pedal? Thanks a lot.
Will this fit the line 6 dl-4?
Will this fit the Korg Volca series?
is it adaptable to a 150 miliamp plug
I currently use all my spot on my power supply. I don't want a separate adapter for this. Could I simply plug it into one of my other cables?
Does this come with the power supply?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
Just got, is it possible to have a dead G string, very thumpy,, I play Ukulele and have a snark, seems all open strings and 12th fret are in tune, but my top most G string thumps, the other G string resonates..
are you suppsed to take the pick guard off of this mandolin
Does this mandolin come with the pieces to attach a strap to it?
are you suppsed to take the pick guard off of this mandolin
Is there any way to attach this pop filter to the bottom of the Yeti? ( like the last picture on this bundle: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003LRY1UE )
Does this attach to the Blue Snowball USB mic (i.e. not on a regular mic stand, but on the small stand that comes with the Snowball?
Is there any way to attach this with RODE PSA1 and Radius II Shock Mount?
Does this work with the blue spark digital?
should i use this rather than a windscreen? id rather not pay the extra $15 if i dont have to.
would this work with a Blue Snowball?
Can I use these strings on my dreadnought guitar?
are they actually blue?
Will these pins fit the following: Seagull S6 Spruce, Teton cedar mahogany dreadnought and Martin 00-15M?
Will they fit a Tacoma DR-28 acoustic
Will this fit a takamine?
When iconect my effects to a daisy chain i get so much noise and even radio stations with overdrive, does this item fix that?
Will it work on my Line 6 - DL4?
Will this power a TC Electronic Nova Delay (ND-1) ? It's 12v, 400mA.
Will it work with Korg&acute;s SDD-3000 pedal?
Does this come with a master on/off switch?
Will this work on &frac12; size violin?
Does this work on viola?
My mute smells like a toxic waste dump. Do they all smell like this? It is so bad it gives me a headache when I use it.
will it work on a 5 string banjo
will it fit a 13" viola?
will this work on a mandolin?
Will this cord by Cable Matters http://amzn.to/1xQzJT3 plug into this Mic? Thanks!! :)
Is this considered an amplified microphone?
Does it come with a mic mount for the stand?
Can you play audio through this from an MP3 player ?
Can you play audio through this from an MP3 player ?
Is this amp loud enough to play in a gym with? Thanks.
Can I use A Samson GTrack with this stand?
Can this mic stand be used as a base for the "M-Audio Studio Producer" USB Microphone?
can I use this with a Pyle PDMICR42BK Classic Retro Vintage Style Dynamic Vocal Microphone ?
Is this stand useful for 5/8"-27 mic stand mount that comes with AT 2020 mic?
Is this stand strong enough to hold a shure sm7b?
Will this stand work with a MXL V63M condenser microphone and shockmount?
Will the Behringer B1 with shock mount work with this?
Will this work with the AKG c214?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
Can this stand support a 12 lb. iso filter, as well as a Blue Yeti microphone?
I want to create a clothes drying rack with a weighted stand. Would it be easy to make such a device with this?
The unit I just received did not come with the black pole that attaches to the stand. Is it included with this item?
Will a standard 9 volt power supply work for this (ex: a One Spot daisy chain)?
Can you use it as well as Bass Distortion Effect and how it sounds?
is it true bypass?
does it make the strings easier to slide on?
Would this be fine to use on classical guitars?
Can I use it on Rosewood Fretboards?
Can they hold heavy picks?
I've seen these attached directly to the guitar, either on the side or the back, could one attach this to a guitar strap?
will this pick holder hold medium fender picks?
Would this fit: Dunlop 426P114 1.14mm Ultex Tri Guitar Pick www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EENF7M/...
Can I plug my bass into this amp and get reasonable sound for practice?
Would this work with an acustic guitar as well?
Would it be possible to connect an MP3 player to this amp? Don't need stereo, just sound.
does it come with a cord?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
Are these ball ends?
Should you replace all strings if one breaks?
Do these strings have a ball end?
Does this pedal work with all Korg keyboards?
Is this compatible with a Yamaha P105? Debating between this and the Yamaha FC4 pedal. Any feedback appreciated!
Will this pedal work with a WK 200 Casio keyboard?
Will this pedal work with any Yamaha keyboard (digital or electric)?
Has anyone used this for a Hi-Hat pedal for Yamaha Digital Drum Sets (DD-50/DD-55)? It's listed as an "alternative" to the disco'd stock pedals.
is this pedal compatible with Casio CTK 2300? Thanks
Does this have a right-angle plug?
Can you use silk steel strings?
Does this guitar have a truss rod?
Is there a pickup and amp that fits the Rover?
Is this offered left handed
Will this microphone work with Windows 8 ?
Are you able to use this as a usb mic / be able to put this into your macbook pro?
Can it be used live, to mic a church choir w/ 5-7 voices and a few instruments? Would be used in conjunction with a few other microphones
Since it doesn't come with a cable or stand, is there a specific type of cable and stand that I need? I need to plug it into an Audiobox Interface.
hi loved while it worked......the heating element fryied....cant get in touch with manurfacturer ..does any one know were to get a new heating element
Can you recommend a timer for this? I bought one but it did not work. Bought another wireless remore but that did nto work either.
will this damage nitrocellulose-finish guitars?
Just got mine. Is there a screw for arms supporting the bottom of the guitar? The arms can slip off.
Can this stand support a 1/2 size guittar?
Will it hold a kid size guitar
Will it hold a kid size guitar
I bought a G7th Newport, but it didn't clamp tight enough on the low frets (2nd) of my slim electric. Have you used the Performance on an electric?
Is this the performance 2 version? The picture on the product page looks like the previous 2004 model.
Does the g7th performance (silver) come with a case?
Is it easy to use and reliable?
canon rebel t3 ? would it work
Will it work with skype and other online meeting tools?
does it work on iPhone?
I have an Audio-Technica powered lavalier mic to use instead of your mic. Will this help with the audio problems people are complaining about?
Will this work with a Canon HD Camcorder?
Can I use it with the Ipad?
does it have an of/ on switch
does it mount upright on a mic stand?
IS this mic good for recording upright acoustic bass? I have a project with a jazz trio doing quiet ballad orient jazz.
Is this standard xlr?
Is it good for live
is this rack tray compatible with the StarTech.com 6U 12-Inch Deep Wall Mounting Bracket for Patch Panel, WALLMOUNT6
Are the 18:1 tuners exact drop-in replacements for the 14:1?
will they fit a Gibson SG Standard?
Will these fit on ESP LTD EC-10 ?
Will this work for the Epiphone Casino, an electric guitar?
Can I use these tuners on y traveler speedster
Would they fit an Ibanez RG450?
Does this stand support a yamaha-p105b digital 88 key piano?
can the stand support a casio wk 6600?
Can this stand be used for a 6 year old with a kids keyboard?
will this strap fit on a bass ?
does this come with a string for guitars without a button?
Would you ship outside the US?
Is there a pick holder?
are these a pair
did anyone install these on a acoustic? if so what was your experience with it.
will the stand work with a blue yeti?
Would this be too heavy to use as a boom mic stand for a movie?
Is is strong/heavy enough to hold up a 5 pound condeser mic without tipping over?
I just received this stand today and the center clutch does not hold the height adjustable stand in place. Is the clutch broken?
Will the Shure A25D Mic Holder work with this stand?
does it work with blue snowball mic
does it work with condenser mic
I know nothing about guitars, and want to get this as a gift. If i were to purchase this, what all comes with it,&amp; do I need to buy anything else 4 it
Can you daisy chain these?
Will this work on a bass guitar/bass amp? I'm just playing for fun, I want to do Metallica's Pulling Teeth Anasthesia. Thanks.
If I buy this, would I have to buy anything else for it to function?
Does this create a "fuzz" sound?
What guitars will this strap work on? Would like to order the guitar for dummies but it doesn't come with a strap
I want to purchase this for my 6 year old son...I don't know much about guitar straps, he has a 30" acou. guitar...would this be suitable for a child?
I'm a beginner leftie and can't figure out how to attach this thing, are there directions anywhere?
is this for small kids?
The guitar I have has a button on the body, but not on the end of the fret board. Do I need something like this? Fretfunk&reg; Acoustic Guitar Strap Butt
does this strap fit acoustic guitars
Will it be a good fit on an eastwood electric Mandolin?
Will this work to hang a Tenor Uke and a U-Bass?
will this hold smaller instruments (mandolin, banjo, violin) ?
Is this Ingles Stand suitable for a Tenor Ukulele ? I like the reports on how sturdy this one is compared to other stands made especially for Ukes.
Do the legs lock open so when you pick up the stand they don't collapse?
I'm looking for a violin stand for a 14" long child's violin so very, very small. I'd like to display it on a shelf. Would this stand work for that?
can a cello fit in there to
This says violin and stand. Does the violin come with it as well??? I only see reviews on the stand.
Is this strong enough to hold a Blue Snowball along with a pop filter?
Will it fit a CAD Audio U37 usb mic?
Can I mount it on a desk to record videos?
I only want answer from seller. Does this item say "on-stage stands" in white on the KNOB?(not on the elbow) but on the KNOB located on the elbow)
Hi, There are different versions of the MSA9505(newer one has a bigger knob), i want the older one(which is in your photo) is that the one UR selling?
Can I use this with the table clamp to have the mic on my desk like an alternative boom arm? http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0010CYHW4/r...
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
should piedmont blues blow hard?
Does this set of 7 harmonicas, each having a different key, include a harmonica in the key of B?
Does this case have a handle
Does this come with a power adapter?
Can this be used to plug in microphone with 1/4 inch plug?
can this be used for an electric bass guitar?
does it works also for a bass guitar?
i play the acoustic guitar and sing, but i need something to make my vocals a little lounder, would this work
will this work for an electric bass
Is this better than the DJ-16 Bacon &amp; Eggs Mini Amps? I'm trying to decide which one to purchase.
Does this come with a power adapter?
Can this be used to plug in microphone with 1/4 inch plug?
can this be used for an electric bass guitar?
does it works also for a bass guitar?
i play the acoustic guitar and sing, but i need something to make my vocals a little lounder, would this work
will this work for an electric bass
Is this better than the DJ-16 Bacon &amp; Eggs Mini Amps? I'm trying to decide which one to purchase.
Does this work with a 36 string autoharp?
does this work with a bass
Will it extend to the range of a piano?
Does it fold flat?
Does this bench have a CA Prop 65 warning?
Is this short enough for an 8 year old?
does it fit 12 string guitar like the guild
Would this bag fit a acoustic bass
Would this bag fit a acoustic bass
would this bag fit a yamaha fg 700s?
does it have the backpack thing?
is this fit for air travel? im leaving to korea soon and i want to take my guitar with me
does it hold an acoustic/electric bass guitar?
will it fit the epiphone new prophecy? it's a 24 fret jumbo guitar
Will this fit a left handed Ibanez GRX20 Electric Guitar?? I just want a bag for Storing
Is this for a MINI squire?
Will it fit a Sheraton/335 style guitar? thanks.
Do intermittent shorts go into memory so you can view them? The ad nor any reviewer have mentioned this confidently, so I'm asking.
Is there a way to specifically test gtr cords that use shorting plugs? I wanna be able to test the shorting plug's switches for intermittents.
will it test standard 1/4" (TR) besides the TRS 1/4"
I'm buying for someone who has a Fender acoustic guitar (DG-8S). Size she gave me: 40" x 16". Will this case fit it? Thanks.
Will a Yamaha CG-101 fit in this case? Thank you all.
Does it have bumpers on the bottom and back side.This would probably fit a Martin DC-16GTE My D-28 and 16 gte fit in the same case very well..
Will this fit my D12/BR Washburn?
Will a Takamine GD20-NS Dreadnought guitar fit in this case? It's for my son and I don't know much about guitars and cases.
Will this fit a Martin DCX1E?
does it fit epiphone dr-100?
Will this case fit a Waldon D350?
Can the frame handle the weight of a 35 lb amplifier?
Will this work with Cisco Switches
does it come with screws to mount hardware for example a preamp?
will this fit a 42 1/2" guitar?
does this case fit a Charvel DX-1 FR Soloist ?
Will this case fit a Fender Jaguar electric guitar?
will a les paul jr fit?
Will this case fit an Ibanez RG? Thanks!
I just had to cancel my order, realizing it was too good to be true that this case is 44" long as you say it is (above). Can you correct that, man!
can a Fender Jazzmaster fit here....
Can another mic be used be sides the one it comes with?
can this device connect to smart phones and laptops
Would this be compatible with my projector and DVD player for showing movies outdoors?
does it come with the mic cable?
Can this mic be used for church choirs?
can i use for iphone
Can anyone recommend an inexpensive shock mount that would fit this mic? Thanks.
can you recommend this for recording electric guitar amp cabinet? Thanks!
Can you recommend an extension pole so that I can increase the total height?
Will this fit a JBL EON 10 G2?
Can I purchase replacement "feet" for these stands? My hardwood floors are getting scratched up b/c the feet are gone. I look forward to your response
Will these work with JBL eon615? Thank you.
can this pole support the Alto Professional TS112A 12-Inch Active 2-Way PA Loudspeaker with Built-In Mixer
Can I switch between keys for tuning a diatonic instrument?
Can this tuner be used on the voice?
can it be used for voice
I have many harmonicas in various keys. Is this tuner suitable for that?
Does this tuner give a note's pitch in Hz?
Is this a good tuner for acoustic guitar?
can you put a regular earpiece in this tuner?
DOES THIS TUNER WORK WITH AUTOHARP
is this worked on piano?
Will it tune saxes and clarinets
Will this work for an acoustic guitar?
Can you check intonation.For example: High E OPEN then at the twelfth fret?
Is the GA-40 tuner tunable? The specs say that you can drop the tuning a half-tone at a time, but they do not say whether or not it can be changed from the A=440 to the A=432 standard. If this tuner is not tunable, do you know of any guitar tuners that...
does it have ballends
can these strings be used on a 3/4 ' acoustic guitar
Is this a 3-pack as the image implies (3 complete sets)?
Do these strings have ball ends?
Will these work on a 3/4 size guitar?
Does this strap require drilling holes in you uke?
not much room under the mandolin strings a shoe string mounting . will theNeotech 8001002 work out for me?
Has the problem with the missing parts (See David Patton's 4 star review) been remedied?
Can this polish be used to clean the fret board?
Hi. Can I use this on the head and neck of my uke? Thanks.
does this clean both the strings, fret board, and body of the guitar?
Can I use this on all mahogany guitar. Martin 00015 has a satin finish
will this work on mirrored guitars
Can this clean built up wax?
can use this cleaner on a maple fretboard? thanks!
Does it work on other brands?
Does a Hohner "Old Stand-by" fit in the HH01 holder?
will this work for a kazoo? 'saw Clapton with a kazoo in his harmonica holder...want to be able to do the same. thank you!
is the key of G honer marine harmonica the best one for Neil Young tunes? not sure what key would be best
Do it made in Germany?
does the harmonica come with it
will this holder work with the 12 hole Hohner Chromatic model?
is the bookplate oversize,larger than standard??
Does this Peak stand come with carrying case? It's not shown in the picture.
will it hold a heavy book?
the on-stage platform style stand...can the legs be adjusted so the keyboard player can sit and play?
does it shake when you play
can it withstand the weight of my 88 keyed Casio Privia pX150?
If I want to cut the legs about one inch to make the stand a little lower for playing comfortably while sitting, will it be possible?
Will this work with an Akai MPK88 88-Key Keyboard?
Will this work with an Akai MPK88 88-Key Keyboard?
Is this stand suitable for Korg Krome 88 keys long keyboard, I'm looking for a stand thant can be used in a comfortable sitting position
Does this have a solid top and steel strings?
does this guitar have the nubs for a strap
has anyone found a good affordable case on Amazon for this guitar? tia
Does anybody see a tag coming along with this item warning that this product contains chemicals known to the state of CAto cause cancer?
What are the height adjustment increments (are they pre-set, pre-drilled)?
Will the free shipping covers the delivery to a 3rd floor apartment?
my desirable configuration is: ATPL120 turntable output to preamp and from preamp to Sony TMR-RF970R headphones. Can I have enogh strong signal?
I have an Audio Technica AT-LP60 and Lepai LP-2020A+ Tripath TA2020 Class-T Hi-Fi Audio Amplifier with Power Supply, would I still need a preamp?
I have an audio technica LP60 hooked up to an onkyo SR508 receiver. I have to really turn it up to hear well. Will this preamp help with that problem?
Would this allow me to use a turntable with a Philips Soundbar (HTL3110B)?
Can the RIAA equalization be switched off? For playing LPs, you'd always want it, but for playing 78s for example you do *not* want it.
Would the power adapter work with 220 v power outlet??? - I&acute;m from Chile and we don{t use 110-120 volts
Will this work with a Numark TTUSB Belt Drive Turntable?
Is there a difference between a microphono and phono preamp?
Does this work with Ubuntu Linux?
Can I drive my passive monitor speaker set with this interface without an additional amp?
I have windows 8 and Adobe Audition. Will this work with these programs
Will this work with an IPad 4?
Does this mixer support 48V Phantom Power?
I didn't really understand the inputs on this mixer. So I have 3 electric guitars, and an electronic drum kit. Can all of these,with mic,be connected?
Could I hook the Line Out from my Kawai Piano and the Headphone Out from my Laptop and use one set of Headphones?
Can this mixer connect to a PC via a soundcard?
does this power the microphone MXL 990?
Can use a Dynamic Mic with out 48v like the SM58 Microphone?
does this work with phantom powered microphones?
Can I use this with a USB Mic?
does this come with a/c power?
Does "2 Bus Mixer" mean that two inputs (eg guitar and vocal) can be separated in a recording software? Thanks!
How many microphones can I connect to the mixers. Will it be able to have 4?
Does it come with the cable to plug it in to the computer, and i have an usb mic what kinda jack should i buy for it?
CAN I INTERFACE MY PRO TOOLS THROUGH IT
My home theater system does not have a mic input. Do i need this if i want to use a microphone?
Can you use the Equalizer that is on Mono mike inputs on sterio inputs 5/6 thu 11/12. (Xenyx 802 has Equalizer usage on sterio inputs 3/4 5/6)
is there way to be able to plug this into a computer to record?
Is this actually a powered mixer?
is this a good mixer for the behringer 215d speakers
Also a newcomer here. Will this and most Behringers plug directly into my computer? I would use this for podcasting on a mac using garageband. Thanks
Is this effects mixer good for Karaoke?
Can you apply the digital effects to just certain inputs like 2 mics, but leave the music alone? I'm looking to upgrade from the 802 without FX.
unbalanced outputs... Should I worry that the outputs are unbalanced?
can I connect this to a 4000 watt amplifier? If yes, please tell me the cables I should get. Thanks.
Will this power the BEHRINGER EUROLIVE B212XL 800-watt passive speakers?
Does this mic come with the shock mount
Would this be a good mic to place in front of a guitar amp for recording? I would like to record some rock guitar with it.
can this be used for live singing performances?
Would two of these be a good choice for recording a band in a studio?
I have a rode nt1a microphone but I'am not satisfied with how my vocals sound. The microphone pics up a lot of low end in my voice. Would you prefer this mic over the Rode nta1, also I record rap music. thanks
could it be used to mix 4 cctv mics?
I would like to listen to music on my phone and listen the sound of my game on pc, through same pair of headphones. Is this possible?
I have a stereo signal coming out of a projector that I want to hook up to a Behringer B812NEO and it only seems to work w/ mono. Would this work?
i have a MXL 770 microphone and i want a mixer to help give professional sound . is this mixer wat i need ? i use mixcraft 6
Does anyone have an idea how this unit might be hooked up to a battery source? One would think it would come wish such built it; it just begs for it.
Does this work on battery? It came up when we searched "battery powered headphone amp" but it doesn't state it has battery...only DC12.
only need this for my mp3 player and soul by luda headphones to boost volume. already have a 1/4 connector. is thats all thats needed just for music?
Will this amp power the Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro 250ohms?
Will the input drive a microphone (stereo and/or mono) ???
Does it work to record on pc without using the normal amplifier (A peavey 7w, too static noise for record)
Does it work to record on pc without using the normal amplifier (A peavey 7w, too static noise for record)
Will this work with an acoustic bass (not upright - just acoustic) that has a piezo pickup but no preamp?
Can it controll the guitar volume like other volume pedals do?
Will this only work with the Behringer 9v Power supply? I've tried at least 10 9v power supplies I have laying around the house and none of them work.
I have a cassette deck that doesn't have a mic input. Can this be used to let me record with a mic by plugging this into the cassette deck input?
Can this be passively used to amplify the sound coming from the speakers, if I plug in my headphones into it?
Can I use the Behringer MA400 to receive stereo sound from my ipod/smart phone then output via the XLR output and into our church audio system XLR in?
Can wireless headphones be used with this amp
Does this serve the same purpose as the Behringer MX400 Micromix 4 Channel Line Mixer in a way if I can get the signal to be stereo? thanks
Would this be ideal for boosting the headphone out signal of my Focusrite 2i2?
I want to digitize reel to reel recordings and vinyl LP records. Will this work to input the sound to my laptop?
Can I listen to a "monitor out" stereo signal on the 1/4 output while sending a different "master out" to the RCA lines?
Can I play mp3s in stereo if connected from computer to speakers and amp? I ask because the desription says "two analog mono inputs and outputs."
I am looking to improve the output of my laptop to hifi levels into my stero amp and speakers. Will this sound better than the mini jack to rca adaptor?
Is this unit good for dictation to windows PC. I'm looking for long sessions of dictation and easiest conversion any help appreciated. Thanks
I use Sibelius and ProTools to create tracks and Cake Walk to play them on the gig. I am looking for a way to make my midi drum patterns sound "non midi". Is EZDrummer a good choice??
Will this work with Reaper software?
Can this be used with Power Tracks and Real Band?
Would it be just a drop in replacement for a Mexican Strat?
Will they fit a 2007 American Deluxe Tele?
Are they direct replacements for a 2011 American Special strat? I don't want to drill any new holes. Thanks
Does this fit Squire Affinity Telecaster?
Are these compatible with a Jaguar?
Will they fit a 1995 American standard stratocaster
will this work on a reissue 72 tele deluxe?
Does this metronome have a different sound to the downbeats? I see there are 2 possible sounds.
Is the sound loud to hear while playing violin ? I need a metronome loud enough
My toddler grandson bangs his head to go to sleep. It was suggested to try a metronome. Would it be loud enough?
Is the headphone only mono? I only hear sound in one ear instead of two.
I received the metronome, but it does not count by 1's. It counts by 3's after 60 bpm. Is there some way to make it count by 1's?
Does this metronome also have a light that comes one with each beat?
My daughters teacher said to get a digital metronome. Is this considered digital?
does it have a headphone jack
does this work with a mic and harmonica?
Can this be shipped internationally (New Zealand)?
Do this product comes with the power adapter and the guitar cable for audio??
Will these fit the following guitars? Teton cedar STS105NT dreadnought, Seagull S6 Spruce and Martin 00-15M
Will these pins fit a 1974 Martin D-18?
will this work with the blue spark digital mic?
will it fit yeti pro mic?
Will this mount accommodate an MXL 550?
Will this work with a MXL 550R Microphone????
does it fit the rode nt1a and nt2a mics?
I'm a left handed player, can the chord finder be switched to a left handed chord chart?
Can this be used for acoustic guitar?
can you tune 10 string steel guitars using this
does it light up so you can use it at night
Is this tuner used for non electric guitars
I'm looking for extra strings for my new Les Paul Special II. I'm buing guitar from amazon, it costs $149. Are this strings compatible?
Do all 6 strings come in the "1 pack"?
ok..will these strings work for me? I am just learning, bough Rocksmith, trouble tuning broke a string. I have NO idea what kind to buy, help please
Would the Super Slinky (9-42) be good for a 25.5 inch scale guitar?I want to put them on my Kramer Pacer Classic.
Is an e string part of this package
Do these work on any electric guitar?
Would the "not even" strings be good for drop c and drop b tuning?
Can I use this amp for Bongos???
Can you plug in an electric guitar as well as use the mike for vocals at the same time, and have them both coming out of the amp at the same time?
is it battery powered? i want something i can play in parking lot.
can you play an electric violin through this amp
Can i connect this amp to a laptop to function as a speaker and also connect a mic for karaoke?
can i used it to output my keyboard for sound
Do I need a pre amp along with this amp?
I just received this amp and there is no power cord. Is this normal?
Will this fit a 40x5x25 guitar?
Will this fit my 40x17x5 guitar
Will the Fender DG-60 fit in this bag?
Will my Alvarez AD60CESB Dreadnought Acoustic cutaway Guitar fit well in this bag.
My guitar is 41in. by 16in by 6 in. Stone Case bag was a little too small. Will it fit in this bag?
Does it work on Classical Guitars without the need of an amp?
Did Kurt Cobain use one of these in Unplugged "The Man Who Sold The World"?
Is this the ebow plus ???
Is this an Ebow Plus?
can i use this/these mics with a simple GPX Portable DVD CD MP3 Karaoke Boombox 7" Screen?
Besides a power cord, does this come with the cord to hook to the mixer? If not what jack do I need to get on a cord
Is this compatible with a sound bar?
I am looking for a wireless microphone to give my chuch as a gift. Do you think this would be a good choice?
Will this work with the Nady portable speaker system that also has a mike?
Do any of these DKW-Duo have 183.6 Mhz channel? I have not been able to locate a frequency/channel list.
Is there an Output that would make it work on a Home Audio Receiver?
How many picks are there when you purchase. Is this priced per pick?
I have a bass banjo. It uses bass guitar strings. will these work on it?
Has anyone used these for nylon string "classical" guitar? I have tried metal dunlop finger picks but they have a metalic clacky sound when playing.
I want to do some recording for podcast. We will be sitting around a table. Using a mix board and headphones. Do you think these mics would be decent?
Can I use these without an amplifier?
Can this mic be hooked to a computer USB?
im going to record guitare in a studio enviroment, will this work
is this the newest version, will this fit good in a Grand Auditorium Guitar? Are they easy to take out, Thanks
Will this be effective for guitars that are over-humidified? I live in the Philippines where it is very humid so I want to know if it works.
Does this work well from monitor send on a Peavey PV 10 mixer
Does it work for electronic accordions?
Has any one hooked two of these together to make a stereo sound? We play harps at small gigs and are looking for a richer sound
Does it work as an amp?
Can this Handel a base guitar with other instruments
Will this work with the 00-15M model of Martin?
Will this work for a Epiphone DR-100?
Will this work on the martin gpcpa5?
Will it work on a fender electroacoustic? It is not the same shape as the fender originals you know, but it may fit perfectly anyway.
Will this work with the DM-12 12 string?
Recording King ROS-627 - a 000-style guitar. Do you think this saddle would be a good addition to it? Currently has uncompensated, bone bridge.
I have a Takamine EF341...said to be copied from Martin...I've owned it since '95 and have no intention to ever sell it. Will this bridge work for me?
will this saddle work with a Yamaha fg700s
Will this saddle work on the Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic?
Are the Product Dimensions listed correct? 5.3 x 5 x 0.8 inches doesn't make sense.
Will this work for the Takamine EG531SC?
the short description says it's for steel string guitars. the long description says steel or nylon. do you have an opinion on this for nylon string?
Is this a good option for a big guitar such as a Martin HD28V? I am under the impression that this is for smaller guitars.
would this pick up be installable on an arch top with f holes ?
I want a pickup for my Baby Taylor... Will this do the trick?
Can I still use a guitar strap where the plug goes?
I want to use an external mic with my Logitech C510 webcam. Can I use this device to accomplish the job?
Does this use WASAPI?
Will it work with Presonus progression2 guitar notation software?
I'm new to guitar and just wanted to use this, instead of an amp, for practicing. Instead of moving my amp when I change rooms. Will this work?
Would these fit in an epiphone les paul traditional pro?
Will these fit on a 2009 Gibson Les Paul Traditional?
Is this the price for a set of 6, 3 left and 3 right? (Other ads for tuners clearly state that, and I don't see it in the ad here.)
Will these fit a 1994 Epiphone LP Standard without modifications?
Is this tuner for accoustic guitars ?
will these work on a Gibson EDS 1275?
For a beginner &gt; blues&gt; is lee oskar have any advantage over Hohner special 20?
Does the size of the mic stand is suitable for condenser microphone M7 presonus too?
HI. I am looking at amps. Will this amp work for this product?: Danelectro N10B Honey Tone Mini Amp in Burgundy
Can i connect this microphone to my piano keyboard?
Would I need an amp if I am plugging this into a karaoke machine?
Is an adapter neededwith the amp and mic
Does this mic come with a cord?
Can you plug this into a window 7 computer
Will this work plugged directly into a mixer?
Can I use XLR Male to RCA cable to connect it my home theather. If possible, where the mic will get power from, is there a battery?
Do I have to buy a separate speaker system?
Is this thing capable of making the guitar sound Djenty, i.e After The Burial, Volumes, Veil of Maya?
Does this thing actually have good tone like the pod 2.0?
Could this be used with a clip on acoustic pickup (eg HDE) and with a small portable speaker?
Can this be powered by the USB plug in to the computer?
Can you use it with a looper (like the Boss RC-30) ?
Can this item be used as a preamp to play the guitar thru my computer?
Does this simulate alternate tunnings? Say I want to play a song that is drop A, but I don't want to have to fight my guitar to get it there.
Can I play bass through it?
Can I place a Multi-Plug 5 cable at the end of the 8 plug cable?
Do I need to remove the regular disposable batteries i have been using on my pedals so far?
Would this power supply work for a morley classic wah pedal?
Will this work on Australia's 240v mains power?
Hi, i am interested in buying the above, but i am currently in australia. is the product available with an australian power adapter?
Does this have a headphones jack?
Does this pedal have echo on it too?
Have you tried this pedal on a bass guitar?
Where does the 9V battery go? Can't seem to find where it goes.
does it cause hum
i have short fingers, will i be able to play this guitar?
Would this be a good beginner choice for my 13 year old daughter? She is an accomplished piano player and begging for a guitar.
Is the Scale 25.5 or 24.84?
does the guitar come with the case
I see many reviews from the 2013/early2014 stating that the cables are not GLS but actually Talent. Are they still being shipped out as such?
Can i use this cable to connect speaker to speaker?
Can i use this cable to connect speaker to speaker?
Can i use this cable to connect speaker to speaker?
Is this compatible with a phantom-powered microphone (Audio-Technica AT875R Short Shotgun Microphone)?
is this fit for air travel?
Is there a shoulder strap?
Will it fit a Yamaha FS700s?
Will a 41" guitar fit in this guitar?
Does it have a neck strap inside to keep the headstock centered (avoid de-tuning)
does it come with cords
Does this item have a warranty? Mine has quit working after only 9 months. Sometimes it will come on and work okay but then I can't turn it off.
does it the headphone jack fit with iphone 5 otterbox?
Will these headphones last over a year with everyday use? My last few earbuds have only lasted 2-3 months and im looking for a long term pair of great sounding headphones.
Can I make calls ?
Do they work as noise-cancelling for air travel?
Is this acuially a Tascam manufactured product? Please confirm that it is compatible with Tascam DR-2D
Will a Tascam PSP520 function to replace a Tascam PS-P788?
Will this work on the LR-10 Trainer?
Does this power the Tascam DR-40?
Is there a smaller AND quieter (EMI-wise) multi-output supply for use with Tascam trainers? I bought this power supply with my GB-10 trainer. The supply is much too large, both physically and in ampacity, and it is poorly filtered, emitting large...
I see so many negative reviews about the cheap quality of the cables but a lot of the reviews are old. Has the manufacturer fixed their problems?
Are these cables available in different colors?
Would this product work on a MXL 770 mic and on a BEHRINGER XENYX 302USB device???
is this a balanced xlr cable?
Can I Purchase Two and Connect Them to Together to Make a 40 Foot Cable?
Is this the right connector to use to go from a DJ sound board to my camcorder, assuming I get a connector to convert down to 3.5mm input? Thanks
Will this amp model the sound of Boston (Tom Scholz)?
Can you record directly into a PC DAW?
A question about guitar presets. I see there are many famous song guitar preset tones. Do the famous song presets include a backing track?
Can you line out to a club pa with this amp?
Is there a recommended Microphone that may work best with the amp.
Can you plug a receiver directly into this to use as a speaker, and how well is the sound of a CD playing through it?
It doesn't show the back side. Does the shoulder straps mean it can be carried like a backpack?
Will this fit the Yamaha FG700s?
Does this bag fit a Fender Kingman Acoustic (dreadnought) Bass Guitar?
can it fit a SG?
would this be a good fit for a Stratacoustic Fender?, i think is only a little thicker than a regular strat...
Is the front pocket big enough to hold a large binder? Roughly the size of an encyclopedia volume.
Could someone please give me the inside measurement of the neck area of the bag?
Is this the GigBag that hold 2 electric guitars?
Can this unit be used for harmonica playing also
When I turn it on, the lights flash 3-4 times before it goes on. Is this normal?
I have a Fender Statacoustic. Will it fit in this bag?
Did your bag come with two detachable straps for carrying it backpack-style? There is only one on the bag I received.
Would this contact mic work well on my fender bass?
Does this microphone work with an iphone?
Does the Yamaha PA 130 120 volt Power Adapter work with the PSRE 343 keyboard?
is it work with yamaha a300 oriantal ?
I just bought a used Yamaha CP33 digital piano and it came with a really short cable. The manual says it uses a PA 3C power adapter. Would this work?
Does this work on a Yamaha PSR 340?
Does the Yamaha PA 130 120 volt Power Adapter work with the PSRE 243 keyboard?
Will this work with PSR 410 Keyboard? The manual says use Output/Current 12V 2A. All the adaptors it lists are discontinued from what I've found.
Does the Yamaha PA 130 120 volt Power Adapter work with the PSRE 235 keyboard?
Does it work with the Yamaha PSR-E243?
So if I connect my condenser mic to this device through the input, can I use an XLR to USB cable to connect this to my iMac through the output?
I'm currently using a 24 volt phantom power. Will buying this 48 volt phantom power make my CAD 95 mic more sensitive?
Does this supply power to a single phantom powered mic (2 XLR connectors: 1 in , 1 out)? There is no back view on the ad.
Will this run on batteries instead of AC adapter?
Is there any difference between the classic rock and the lead headphone amp?
My guitar jack insert is angled and recessed into the body. Will this amp fit?
Could this be used with a bass guitar?
Would this sound good on an Epiphone Dot Artist?
Is this amp 50/60HZ ? Please let me know since 60HZ is no compatable where im living.
Can I output to speakers through a 1/4" output?
Is there a reason this amp with not work right.....hooked it up to New speakers and it barely makes any sound...not what I need it to do....its a 1400
can I run this amp off my yamaha receiver and dual 10 band equalizer
can this replace my old Pyle Pro PT-810?
will it fit an ovation celebrity model?
Will this fit a Little Martin LX1E?
Will this fit a Martin 000X1AE Acoustic Electric?
Will this fit a Taylor 814
Will this fit my Taylor Big Baby? Its a 15/16
Will this fit an epiphone aj 220 s?
will this work on a Ovation Legend 1867?
will this work with my FENDER SONORAN SCE?
Does this work on an acoustic that has no electric part to it?
Will this tuner handle a 5-string bass? E.g.- B/E/A/D/G
Does this tuner pedal have a buffer effect like the Boss chromatic tuners do?
Can you see it in sunlight?
Will this tuner work on a 12 string?
Would this tuner work with an acoustic/electric violin? I have had trouble with the built-in one I've been using, it's no good for on stage tuning
I have a decent tuner in my amp, but would rather not turn it on just to tune my guitar (when practicing without power). Would this work OK for that?
Can this device be used to tune a piano?
Can I use this pedal with the Eurolive B212D 550 watt PA speaker system?
can i just plug my microphone in and use it acapella?
Can this make my guitar sound like a bass,I loop acoustic, bass, vocals, Boss OC3 and Behringer UO300 warble, MicroPog is expensive and tad electronic
Can I cannect this pedal to my Behringer HellBabe01 with the Planet Waves Classic Series Instrument Cable with Right Angle Plug, 0.5 feet (3-pack) ?
Does it come with a power supply?
does this have reverb too, and if not what's a great reverb pedal?
Can this pedal be used with the microkorg?
is this True Bypass pedal,do not see anything regarding that?
Does this pedal have some form of true bypass?
will this work for vocals. looking for something cheap want my daughter to her her voice different to get her more interested
will this work with the 1 spot adapter ?
will this work with the 1 spot adapter ?
will this work with the 1 spot addaptor ?
does this work for bass
will this 'reverb' a and b seperatley without mixing them?
The Product Features section notes that this tube is good for guitar amps. Does that make it less than ideal for a phono preamp?
Can I use this tube in Marshall Valvestate 2000 100 watt Combo?The EHX 12AX7 seem to have low volume on OD channel.
Is this tube good for preamp Pro MPAII I have 2 channel
Do you test and select these for gain, noise / hum, and microphonics? I have had very mixed results with Tung Sol 12ax7's in all 3 areas.
I have an Ampeg GVT52 that came stock with JJs. Love the JJs for their smooth tone, but would like to try something else, will these make much diff?
Will this work with the Bravo Audio Ocean tube amp? It seems that it's an 12AU7 vs a 12AX7, but maybe that does not matter.
can this stand fit on a CAD U37 mic
Will it work with a blue Yeti microphone?
Does the thread adapter allow for 3/8" mount?
Can it hold a flying V and a superstrat at the same time? I'm concerned about the tip of the wings of the V touching the floor.
Can this be adjusted to hold 3 ukuleles of different sizes?
do these type of stands rotate at all?
Will it hold two Fenders without becoming unatable?
will this work on fishman loudbox mini?
Would this work with a Fender Rumble, which is deeper than typical guitar amps? (20 inches deep)
Can this stand hold a rather heavy 2x12 combo amp (Ampeg GVT52 212)?
I've heard that you lose tone when you take an amp off the ground. Is that true?
I am looking to use these stands for my stereo speakers, which are 7-1/4" wide, 15" high and 9" deep. Will they work for that size?
Will this amp stand work with a Fishman Loudbox Mini?
does this stand work for an acoustic guitar
Is this good for an acoustic guitar?
Does this work for ukuleles?
will this fit a ukulele / guitalele?
Does the seat swivel?
I'm looking for something for my 7 year old son who is learning to play guitar. Would this work? He's an averaged size 7 year old at 4 feet tall.
The spec says a Max Current of 300mA. I want to use it for BOSS MT-2 pedal which requires 200mA@9V DC. Can this be used?
Will it work with a Boss Looper?
Would this power source work with the Electro-Harmonix XO Big Muff Pi Pedal?
Can this be used to power/recharge a 9V portable DVD player?
Is this compatible with a Zoom G5?
Will this work with BOSS EQ GE-7 and BOSS Distortion DS-1?
will this work with my Vox 847A Wah Wah Pedal
Will this work with my JOYO Crunch Distortion pedal?
do these fit on a sterling s.u.b. bass?
Can it be used with upright piano?
Will the AC adapter come with the light?
Does AC the Adapter have a USB end that goes into the wall plug &amp; do they have a slide or push button to turn on/off the light for the 2014 versions?
I'm assuming the picture shows the clip and lamps are shown on the same side just to take the picture. Can the lamps be rotated to the opposite side?
could this be used as a book light?
In the picture the clip shows on the same side as the lamps.probably just to take the picture. Can the lamps be rotated in the opposite direction?
Does AC the Adapter have a USB end that goes into the wall plug &amp; do they have a slide or push button to turn on/off the light for the 2014 versions?
Is there other equip. that's needed/useful to buy with this to set up a nice vocal recording area?
Is this microphone as good as the Blue Yeti? I hear a lot of people recommend the Yeti.
Does it come with the connection?
anyone know if you can mount this directly onto a rode swiveling mic stand? do you need to buy some additional piece to do it
I have a really loud computer. Will this microphone pick that up?
Does it pick up background noise?
Do you have one for a 13" snare?
Is this amp good for clean acoustic sound not just electric?
Can I use it for a bass?
I just received the Orange Mini Micro Crush and I pushed the Power Button and it didn't turn on. Do I have to connect my guitar to it first?
will this work for an acoustic bass guitar?
Does it hold a standard PINT sized beer glass?
Does it hold a 12-oz beer can okay?
Has anyone tried using these on crutches?
Would this work with the kind of plastic cup some bars serve beer in?
Will it work with a Bass?
Is this good for piano tuning also?
Can I use this tuner on brass instruments?
Will this tune a Native American wooden flute,F flat
Does it act as a note drone? (Can you set it to play a note constantly, as long as you want to help you tune a piece)
can i use this to tune a piano?
Does this Fender 007 two button switch work with a Fender Super Champ X2 Head and cabinet?
Will this switch work with the Champion 40?
Can this work with a Fender Mustang 1 V.2?
Will this pedal work on a Princeton Chorus ? ( for Channel, and Chorus )
Will this work on a Peavy Classic 30 amp?
Will this work for a '94 Fender Champ 25 SE?
can this be used with an alesis sr 16 drum machine for start/stop and fill ?
Is this compatible with the Fender Champion 100?
Would this pedal work on a Marshall MG250DFX?
is it left handed?
Does this ukulele have aquila strings?
Does a beginner's 'learn to play' book come with it? This is for my 10 yr old grandson.
Are Aquila Strings still standard? I purchased a Lanikai years ago and want to recommend to a friend to purchase but worry they are not.
Is this uke "set up"?
Does this pedal work for Yamaha S90 XS (Year 2009) ?
Does this pedal make a clicking sound when pressed? Thanks!
DOES THIS HAVE A WARRANTY?
Should there be one owner's manual in the box?
Does it have the switch for either polarity
Will this work on an older Yamaha electronic keyboard model PSR 300m?
Does the microphone chord come with it?
When connected to an AT2020, I noticed that only half of the "ICICLE" is lit up. Is the Icicle defective?
Provided I had the right cable, could I hook up my guitar to my computer with this device?
Does anyone have an issue with plugging this into USB3.0 port? Its not detecting for my system.
Can I record my mic audio directly to a USB?
is the pocket big enough to hold a music book?
Does it have a neck strap inside to keep the headstock centered (avoid de-tuning)?
Would this fit a Squier SA 105 ?
Will it fit Yamaha FG700S Acoustic Guitar?
would a yamaha c 40 full size guitar fit in this bag
Do you think A Rogue RA-090 Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar would fit in this bag?
Is it for full size guitar
Would it fit these measurements? Length=20" Width=15 3/4" Max Depth 5"
Would this fit an acoustic bass guitar?
Will this case fit a Breedlove passport d200/smp??
Will a 38" cutaway style acoustic guitar fit in this case?
Do they Swivel easily? My current casters seem to resist wanting to align &amp; move in the same direction.
Hi, I have An Acoustic B200 combo amp. It has caster insets built-in. Do you think these will work?
Can the pedaltrain 2 be used for a keyboard player, I have a boss low impedance volume pedal and 2 standard sustain pedals for my 3 keyboards
does it come with the pedals?
Is it possible to attach the pedals with the velcro strips without taking the rubber feet off of the pedals?
Will it work with an electric cello?
will this amp work with a yamaha pac112j guitar?
Can a distortion pedal be used for this?
would this work with an acoustic electric ukulele? trying to put all the components I would need together before I purchase. Thanks :)
I received this amp as a package with the Squier by Fender electric guitar but amp does not work. Did all correct plug ins but NADA, no sound!
will it work with the Ipad via its USB camera connection kit.
My RB3 guitar and keytar only have one MIDI port (OUT, I assume). . does the MIDI OUT plug need to be connected to work?
will it work with windows 7?
Does this work with a Yamaha DGX650 and Windows 8.1 OS?
Does it work with ensoniq eps 16 plus? Please help I am not getting any sound at all
will it work with FL studio?
does it work with the ps3?
Does this work for windows 8?
are any drivers needed
Does it work on Linux? (Ubuntu 10.4 here) Thanks!
Will this work to replace a broken headphone jack?
Will it work on Windows 7.1 Pro?
are these necessary to use boss-dd7 ?
can i use these with multiple pedals with one power supply ?
Are these good for plugging a pedal directly into an amp? Ex. Are they long enough
For a 3/4 size laminate guitar with a neutral or even dead sound to it, will 80/20 strings brighten it up?
I am very sensitive to high pitches and tones. I'm looking for warm low mellow strings. Which set of strings (type and gauge) do you recommend?
Is it possible to record all 4 channels and end up with 4 separate files?
will this be good for recoridng audio at wedding's consideirng that wedding are a noisy envirement to record speech or for private couple interviews
Is there any difference between the 2009 and 2015 model?
Is it good for recording piano?
Would this work to capture audio from interviews using lavaliere mics (audio-technica ATR3350) that will be then synced to video?
For 2-3 person interviews (indoors; enclosed), are lapel mics recommended for use with this?
Does this kit happen to come with the wind screen and case?
Do the Boss ME-70 Guitar Multi-Effects Pedal include the power adapter?
could you send it to mexico??
Could this work as a gaming microphone?
I want to record my vocals and other instruments with this mic, specifically acoustic guitar and piano. Will it record with clear quality?
Could anyone recommend this for voiceover work? I create training videos &amp; need something much more portable than Blue Yeti I now have.
can you use a pop filter with this?
Will this shock mount work with a blue snow ball USB mic ?
Does this Shockmount fit the MXL 550?
Does this work with an AKG Perception 220?
Will it fit a Shure PG27 Condenser Mic?
Will this work with an atr 2500 microphone?
will this fit the audio technica at2050?
will this work witha yeta
Will this fit a Blue Bluebird?
can it use for church?
Has anyone used this mic on a bass amp.I want to use a mic on my bass amp it's a Peavey TNT115 600w
Can I use an XLR to 3.5mm adapter to plug this into a computer microphone jack? Thanks!
Is this good for a 12 string guitar
I have a once a month gig where I play outdoors in bright sunlight (from behind) with no shade in sight. Can you see this tuner in bright sunlight?
does it do "drop-d" and other tuning styles?
Can I connect 5 of these to get 10 independent audio output channels generated by the computer via usb?
Can you connect to a USB power supply and use the analog to S/PDIF output?
Does this device also include DAC (digital-to-analog), versus "just" ADC?
can I use this with Garage Band?
does this unit have tremolo effect?
Does it have an auxiliary input which I can put music to play with?
Can I get that Duane Eddy effect
Does it include AC power adapter?
does this come with a power cord?
Will this stand work with a banjo?
Would this hold a cello?
Does this stand fold?
Concerning the warning about possible damage, has anyone actually had any damage to their finish?
Hello... I need Qty: 150... Do you have this Qty?
Does it work with a classical guitar?
Will this work for ovation acoustic guitar and for mandolin?
Will this work for ukes too?
Does this work for electric guitars? I am a beginner and have a Washburn WR-150.
Hi, do the plastic extensions fit on these stands?
I have a very large (and heavy) music book. If I have it on pg. 1, the weight is all toward one side. Would this tip easily?
Is it possible to lock the bookplate into a specific title angle such as parallel to the floor? Would like to be to use it as a portable desk top.
Is the 45" height measured at the bottom of the book plate?
Would this music stand, disassembled, fit into a suitcase for transport overseas?
Would it hold an iPad without sliding it?
Does this work with an electric violin?
Does this have a battery outlet where you can change the battery
Does this amp work with a basic microphone?
Does this amp work with Bass Guitar? Thanks!
Does this amp have a headphone 3.5mm (1/8in) port?
I use a Roland AC-90 with guitar/mic and occasionally I need a monitor. Will a typical PA monitor-out line drive this properly?
Is this dynamic enough to be used with a bass wihtout doing damage to the speaker?
Could I use my balanced 1/4 to XLR cable to replace DI box?
will this unit work to transmit music from a IPhone through speakers in a gymnasium sound system?
Can I connect my laptop to this using a 1/4 inch adapter? I can only connect to the mixer with XLR's, otherwise I'd use a mini plug to RCA.
can i plug my guitar cord into this then right into the mixer ?
bass guitar --1/4 cable---&gt; this product ---xlr to usb cable----&gt; computer, does this work?
Can I connect my laptop to this using a 1/4 inch adapter? I can only connect to the mixer with XLR's, otherwise I'd use a mini plug to RCA.
Will these work on an acoustic?
Will these fit an early 90's American Tele without the need to change the strap buttons that came on the guitar?
Can the delay and chorus/vibrato be used independently; only delay or only chorus/vibrato?
Can each effect be used separately?
Can this work on both balanced and unbalanced signals? I want to know if I could use it on balanced mic signals.
Can Addtional pads and pedals be added to the base setup? I would like to add a pedal (for double bass) and potentially additional tom/s.
will theses PLay ON PS3?
Can you add an extra crash pad in order to have, hi hats, 2 crashes and a ride?
Would it work on a nylon stringed guitar?
Does this make noise when off the guitar? I just purchased and it is not making any noise when attached to my guitar or when I tap the transducer part
Does this work with Rocksmith?
Would this work for a violin?
I have a Snarling Dogs wah wah pedal, it's 10 &frac12; ", is there enough length to fit that on this board?
does this come with the pedals shown in the photo?
Does this power board come with the 5 patch cords?
Can this be used in Europe and Norway? We have 220/240 Volts over here.
Can I use this to power a Digitech DL-8 (power output on adapter says 9.6 V/300 mA) and ALSO power 2 Dunlop MXR pedals (power output says 9V, 0.67 A)?
I'm looking for an amp that will help me to learn to play the blues. Would this be a good option to get BB King type tones please?
Will this amp play clean at a fairly high volume? Tried a Blackstar HT-1. Would not play loud clean!
Is this purely tube driven, compared to the Bugera BC15?
Are the newer ones with the orange light the infinium series? it would say in the back upper left corner of the amp like in picture 2.
Can this amp run on both 110V and 240V? I shuttle between 2 countries. thanks!
Should I buy a $10 2 year warranty for this?
does it have a jack for a microphone?
Can this am be quiet enough for bedroom level volume with just the master volume control?
does this foot controller work fine with the line 6 spider iii amp?
I hooked up some ethernet cable I had around the house and it didn't work...is the RJ-45 some other ethernet cable I am not using?
Does it work as a volume pedal also?
is this item equipped with all necessary gear ?box,manual,rj-45 cable,power supply,etc.
will this work with spider jam
Does it work with the Line 6 Amplifi 75?
Can this plug into the microphone outlet of a camera, specifically a t3i?
can i use the mic on a voice recorder?
Does the microphone come with both the smaller and larger input devices?
Is this a good mic recording for recording music? I write my own music and I need it to be good quality to record.
I don't know much about computers or audio equipment. Is this microphone something that I can plug into a standard PC and use with Rosetta Stone?
Will this work with an iPhone 6?
will it plug into audio on tv for karasongs through my laptop?
Can I plug it into an audio jack on a transmitter that is wireless to the speakers.
Does this mic work with Canon Vixia R52 camcorder?
does this tuner tune 1/2 a step down?
Will this tune a junior (half-size) acoustic guitar?
Can this tune an acoustic bass as well as an electric?
Does it work on a 12-string guitar?
Does it work well on acoustic upright bass?
Does it work with ukeleles?
does this work with garageband? for mac
Are all the knobs on the same MIDI channel?
Can I make it so it can control program sounds?
can this be programed for sound effects and other recorded audio sample for podcast?
I ordered my product in december around the holidays so it's barely 8 months old and it stopped working!!! Is there any warranty on it??
Can it do note repeat?
I use Ableton Live 9 with Push. Can I set it so the LPD8's knobs automatically control the 8 macro knobs on the selected track and switch accordingly?
Can i use it as a dj wave sampler?
Hi, will this work with FL Studio 10?
Is Akai LPK25 USB Keyboard compatible with Windows 8 ?
Does it work on windows XP?
does this come with the power supply
I mainly need something for amp simulation, distortion, compression and a noise gate. Could anyone please offer attributes on just these features?
can it go an octave down? (octave generation)
Does this Pedal require a certain kind of amp to use?
Does this book have a decent, self expanatory manual
Is the mic clip detachable?
can i use it for a wired mic
Will this stand work with a Blue Snowball microphone?
Does the stand fit for any mic (size)?
Will a Shure SM 58 fit in the stand?
I'm looking for a tuner for my sons' violin. It is acustic, not electric. Will this item work for my needs? Don't want to spend alot of money.
Does this tuner work on oboes
does the ca1 korg tuner come with a stand to put in the tilt slit on back?
My daughter is making a xylophone out of copper and needs to tune it. Frequencies are between 150 and 700. Would this work for her? Thanks
Will this tuner tune an Electric gutar by just plugging into it, with no amp?
Does this work with wind instruments?
is this tuner good for outdoor in the day time.
Does this work on electric guitars?
Do you need to use something sharp to break the surface before using it for the first time?
Does this come with a polishing cloth?
Will Everest EZ Series Shoulder Rest for 4/4 Violin work with skeleton body silent electric violin?
Will this fit a 13" viola?
Is the neoprine matirial mentioned here more comfotable than a non-neoprine foam rest from say about 10 years ago?
I know nothing about these and am buying for my grandkids. Does the size listed here mean it will fit a 3/4 also?
Do you have a shoulder rest for 3/4 size?
Can I purchase extensions for the Everest shoulder rest? I need to lift it higher for ease
Looking for a good mic on a budget for miking drums, in a 2-mic set up. Will this do well as a compliment to good kick mic?
Is the final price of $ 218 includes customs clearance, shipping and home delivery in Egypt? Is there any other expenses to receive the product in Egy
Is this better than the C01 Studio Condenser Mic that comes with the samson gt studio pro ?
do you need a poop filter for this
does it work for singing?
Is Blue Yeti compatible with Windows 8?
Is this compatible with Garage Band?
Can it be used with a keyboard / piano?
Can you take the resonator off?
can a tall child play this instrument?
Are the strings easy to break? I've only been playing this banjo a couple days and a string already broke.
I'm overseas at an APO address. Sometimes our packages get pretty banged up. Is the packaging sturdy enough for overseas shipping?
Is this a good choice for karaoke mixer? (I don't play musical instruments of DJ)
Can i run this through a midi controller such as the denon mc6000 to play though to my powered speakers?
Knowing this mixer is designed for live (concerts/events) mixing, would it be unwise to purchase this for home studio use with Presonus Studio One 2?
Can I bring in PC Audio through the USB connection as an input?
On the backside, where it says THRU, is that the output?
I plan to use this a home karaoke setup in a 12x20 living room. Will the vocals be reproduced fine on the speaker?
When using as a monitor off the PA. Can I run my mike through the B205D the output to PA &amp; loop back or do I need a D.I. box?
Are these stands compatible with Portable Fender Passport Speakers?
are the compatible with fender passport speakers?
Is this stand compatable with JBL eon 15" standard speaker cabinets?
If I use an A/B switch, does it switch before the individual channel volumen pots (can I get 2 volumes using an A/B switch, like a clean boost)?
can you use both channels at the same time
Can I use the "normal channel" as an auxiliary input? I woul like to be able to play a track on my phone through the amp while also playing the guitar
does the normal channel have treble and bass controls
Does anyone have issues with the line of sight connection. Signal drop etc.
Does this wireless ship transmitter &amp; receiver together or ordered separably. Did you try this wireless on a double bass signal. is it a true bypass?
Can someone give me the measures on the block? I really wouldnt like to have the block standing outside the cavity.
i need a full non tappered tremelo block to fit my 2004 american standard strat, can you help?
does this come with the block too?
Would this fit on a Squire Bullet Strat?
Does this lamp come with an A/C external power source?
does this product clip on a music stand?
Is there a Light Cradle that is compatible with Mighty Bright Orchestra Light
does it clip onto pianos?
When plugged into the AC adaptor, do the batteries recharge?
can it hold a Blue Snowball Microphone?
Would the screw on the end of this stand fit a cellphone clip mount made for a regular tripod? I want to make videos of myself drawing.
Would this fit a Shure wireless mic Beta58?
Does it work with the CAD U37 USB Studio Condenser Recording Microphone
Considering it is a Samson stand, would it hold the Samson Meteor Mic?
I have a pretty heavy mic Shure PG58. Will this stand hold it? I think I have a standard Horseshoe grasp but I'm not sure.
is this work with blue yeti ?
Does this come with a music rest (a stand that goes into the back of the keyboard to hold music)?
Does this keyboard have a midi output connector ?
Does this have a music rest?
Does this keyboard transmit MIDI via its USB connection??
Do I need to buy a stand for the bass mic?
is phantom needed
Would the bass drum mic work for the floor drum tom? I was thinking of getting a different bass drum mic and using the included bass drum mic for theT
I love the mic kit but I need one more tom mic since I have a 4 tom setup with snare. Can I buy just one tom mic and clip separate?
Do I need to purchase an amp for it
how do you shut it off when not in use? can I use it with my: ION Block Rocker Portable Bluetooth Speaker System Upgraded 75hr Battery and 75 Foot Bluetooth Range
will it work outside in a mall?
I want to put the mic on a stand 12 inches from my mouth. Is this mic sensitive enough? Some cheap mics need to touch my chin before they work.
would this work on my epiphone acoustic humming bird pro?
WIll this fit an epiphone les paul custom black beauty? I think the stock nut is 1 6/8ths
Will this fit an epiphone les Paul jr the model with the one pick up thanks
does this cable work with the audio technica 2020 and audio technica 2021?
Will this work with the CAD M179 Microphone?
Will this carry phantom power from a scarlet 2i2 to a 990 mxl?
is this the cable i need for the shure 55
is this set wood reeds
is there a warranty with them?
Do you think these would work with a nylon stringed Spainish style guitar? I can't grow strong finger nails.
Do you think these would work ok for a nylon stringed
is it god quality
I am thinking of buying this to set my laptop on in front of my treadmill. Do you think it would be sturdy enough to hold a laptop if I tilt the top b
Is height adjustable
Can I use this pedal for vocals?
can you do ambient swells with this pedal??
can you do ambient swells with this pedal??
Can I use this cable for a karaoke machine that has mic ports?
Can you use this to connect from your Sound Board to Piano?
will this work the Behringer Ultra microphones XM1800S ?
Will this work for a violin if the shoulder rest is left on?
Will it hold a baritone Ukulele (larger than a tenor uke).
Will this stand fit my mountain dulcimer?
Does it fit a 1/8 violin
Will this work for a Erhu (two string Chinese instrument)?
will this work for a fender mini 3/4 guitar?
does this work for a dulcimer
Does this amp used for electric violins?
Can you use the 1/4" input for acoustic violin, and plug a guitar (1/4" out) into the xlr input at the same time if you have a preamp with xlr out?
is this amp compatible for an electric cello?
My guitar has a Sunrise pickup in the sound hole. Do I need to boost the signal coming from that before I plug it into this amp?
Will this work with a Mic that has no On/Off switch? Using Sennheiser E835 Mic.
Will I be able to put a motherboard directly on it for when I test my rig? Buying regardless - just wondering how the surface is.
The mat comes in a 36' pouch. I need to send it to another county but 36' shipments are expensive. Can you fold the pouch (to cut the length to 18')?
Has anyone used this under a sewing/embroidery machine?
is the mat heat resistant? For doing hot air work or soldering for example.
Does it assist on alternate tunings, specifically dropping step or half step?
does it work well for classical guitar
I heard that snarks can cause damage to the finish of some guitars. Is this true about this tuner?
Can you use it to tune a piano?
Does this work on a violin also?
Does it come with a battery?
Will this work for trombone?
can it be used for trombone
Will this work on a baritone ukulele?
does its tuner work for violin??
can it be used for mandolins?
will it work for banjo
Can this hold a MXL 770 Cardioid Condenser Microphone?
Does the mic clip unscrew to reveal a standard 5/8" end? I want to attach the mic mount that my Apogee mic came with.
Will this hold an Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB Microphone?
Will the legs hold in adjusted positions, to use on a slanted surface?
Can it support a spark microphone
Height adjusts fine, but there is no resistance for the direction of the swivel of the mic. It just spins freely. Am I missing a part?
Is this stand compatible with a Heil PR 40?
I travel for work to Asia (15 hour flights) and I purchased a Speedster Traveler Guitar and I carry an Iphone 4S. Basically, if I buy this, can I hear myself play through headphones with no other amplification device? I purchased an inexpensive...
thinking of bringing this as a gift to a friend in Italy. He plays electric guitars and has an ipad. Would the plugs on guitars in Italy be the same?
Does the I rig convert signal into Midi
Does this work with Android phones?
Can I use this for a headphone (practice) amp with my electric bass? Thanks
Would you be bale to use this for more than just one app on the iphone?
Will the iRig allow me to record straight from my Roland KF7 keyboard jack (via cable) into my iPad Air?
does this work with iphone 6 plus?
can you save your song to a file such as .wav or .mp3 ??
can this be used on an auto harp
can this be used to tune a Viola in perfect 5ths ?
Does this tuner use sound and vibrations to tune an instrument?
Is this a good tuner for open G, open D, etc
Does the metranome offer an audible sound as well as a visual sweep?
Are any other cable adapters compatible with this? I need to get some different size plugs and don't want to order from Europe at euro prices.
Can I use this power supply in the US and in Europe?
I have 2 Digitech pedals that says it needs 4.8 watts each. I have no idea how many mA's this is. Can anyone help?
Is there an advantage to a guitar affects power supply versus just a good power strip and typical 9V power adapters?
Does this guitar come with an input to connect the amp cord?
Does it sound good played both acoustically and amplified?
Does this have Active Electronics?
Is to good for beginners to learn guitar?
i am an amateur guitar player 16 years old and i wanna order this but i dont want to just waste my money, is it worth it
does this guitar come with a built in tuner?
Does it comes with a strap bolt at the neck?
Does it come with an amp?
Are they "bright"?
can you plug in an acoustic guitar?
Can i use the Fender 2-Button Footswitch on this amp?
Does it sound good at very low volumes? w/ Classic distortion = Heartbreaker Zepplin, ZZ top, Clapton
Can this be used with electronic drums?
If you buy a new one, does its come with enough instructions for a novice to set up different sounds on the amp?
Can an 8 ohm 1 x 12 or 4x12 cabinet be added, is there a jack in the back of the amp to accomplish adding a cabinet, and if a cabinet is added, does
Can it be used as a bass amp?
Is this loud enough to carry with a full band (drums, bass, lead guitar) in a basement practice situation?
is this a tube amp?
Can this be used as an amp/speaker for a cheap electric drum kit? The ones specific for drums are crazy expensive!
Can u use with a microphone
does this require batteries?
Would it be a good amplifier for a beginner? I'm a beginner at playing guitar and I want a good amp with good sound. Though I can't spend to much.
Is the size of the speaker 3.5" as the name suggests or 5" as stated in the specs?
can you use it on a violin
Is it possible to use this with Karaoke?
can you connect a mic to it
Can you the amp with wireless microphones
does it comes with the cable that can connects to my laptop?
does it work on GarageBand?
Is it possible for my son to play this standalone with headphones while we are driving?
Does it work with logic pro X?
Can you use this with Reason ?
Does it work with ableton live INTRO version?
Will this work with Acid Music Studio 8?
Does it work with 32 bit computer?
does it work with maschine software? if so, how well
Hi. Need help. My granddaughter has a ipad mini. Can she hook this keyboard to her ipad mini? thanks!
Will this work with Logic Pro X &amp; Mac Air?
Can this keyboard be used for creating Drum tracks regaurdless of it lacking drum pads?
Will this work with an iPad?
Can you turn off the sensitivity?
is this prize contains the guitar bag and pitch pipe and other accessories?
can i use this even though im left handed?
is this an adult sized guitar?
i just started playing the guitar and im a beginner; is this a good guitar to buy? thanks!
does this guitar have a truss rod built in?
can you put a strap on this guitar?
is this full size?
Does this come with clamps for mounting to a truss for instance?
Can you plug in a wireless mic system to this?
does it work with a bass?
Can you use this for an electric bass?
Can this be used for vocal?
could this amp be used for guitar also?
Did anyone experience this amp having a buzz sound? I ordered one, shipped it back, got another, and it has a buzz too. Not a hiss, but a buzz sound. It is present regardless of whether my bass is plugged in or not, so it ain't the bass or the cord....
Can you use line out for an extension cabinet &amp; is it volume controlled?
I just got this amp today, but it won't power on. I tried different outlets and chords. Did anyone else have this problem?
does this have a line in so i can plug my ipod in and play music?
This is probably a stupid question but I'm just getting into this stuff and I would just like to know, can I plug my electric guitar into it as well?
Does this cabinet have a slanted back for anglng upwards?
Does it include effects and possibility of tuning the sound, like reverb, pitch, bass level etc?
Can you put two sources of data in so can I loop my voice and also my guitar?
Can you output the loop track to a separate amp?
Does the power adapter come included?
I have a Snowball USB microphone. Can I use that type of mic w/ this looper pedal?
Does this work with Logic Pro X and ProTools 11?
Can you use this to control the volume control mixer in a Windows OS?
will it work for presonus studio one?
Can you reassign the knobs and sliders to different CC channels, e.g. use this as a midi controller like the Behringer BCF2000?
Can you control more than 8 tracks with the faders by using the track button?forward track button make the board control the next 8 tracks+vice versa
If you bought your NanoKontrol2 directly from a Japanese seller, did the unit come with English instructions and a PIN code for the bundled software?
Can you send audio through it?
Does it come with a USB mini cable ?
Does this pedal allow for delay trails (after switching off) when in buffered bypass mode?
Do you have any recommended settings to get ANY effects that are similar to ANY U2/Edge songs? I've been messing with this for hours and have been failing - grin. I don't want to have to get a Strymon Timeline or Eventided Timefactor - They cost too...
does it have tap tempo??
Can I daisy chain this pedal using the Visual Sound One Spot?
Does this work on Windows 8?
would this mic be able to pick up two people having a conversation each sitting on opposite sides of it?
will this fit into a microphone stand?
Is this mic good for recording instruments like trumpet/saxophone?
Should I use a pop filter for recording vocals/acoustic guitar?
Can this be used with ipad mini?
is the neck as wide as a martin, like a D-28 or fender strat or mostly for kids?
Is it suitable for left-handed players? (install the strings in opposite order)
I have a Peavey Guitalele, the strings seem a little high, so the action feels a little rough. Is this a problem with the Yamaha guitalele?
I've just received one. Are the lowere 3 trings supposed to look like steel strings?
Does this guitalele have a truss rod?
Can I leave off one string and tune it GDGBD like a banjo?
Is this pedal 9v battery power also?
Does this come with a power adapter?
Would this be good for a podcast with 4 people?
Is this able to pick up nature sounds, birds, crickets, thunder, etc.?
Can I schedule recording? I want to record a late-night radio show while I sleep.
Does this product come with software that allows you to edit/shorten your recordings?
Will a fender CD140SCE fit in this case
Will this case fit a Gibson J-45?
Pictures for this item are identical to the pictures for the "Guardian CG-020-D Hardshell Case, Dreadnought (Black)." Is this the same item?
I have an acoustic guitar Norman Gtra ST-40 EQ, will it fit into this case?
Will my Gibson acoustic guitar fit in this case? It is really old and I don't have a model number.
will d28 fit?
Will my Squier Telecaster fit securelywithin this case?
Will a BC Rich Mockingbird fit?
will this fit a Ibanez RG
Will this case fit a fender jaguar/
Does a Jackson JS32 Dinky DKA Electric Guitar fit in this case?
can anyone compare this to the ChromaCast CC-EHC?
will this fit a fender (non-bass) Mustang?
Has anyone tried a G&amp;L ASAT with this case?
Does this fit guitars with a Gibson Firebird of Explorer shape?
is it easy to play this item.
Will the Rogue (Johnson Mandolin A-Style with F Holes) mandolin fit in this case?
Will the Gold Tone GM-6 Octave Mandolin fit in this case?
Will this fit an ovation mandolin?
Will this case fit a Fender FM 100 mandolin?
Does anyone have the dimensions of this case?
I just bought an Eastman MD305, will it fit in this case?
Will a Fender Robert Schmidt electric mandolin fit in this case?
Can you "jump" to a mark point instead of fast forwarding to it manually?
Im thinking of setting one the middle of a room to record my band to review songs we've written/song's we're working on. Will the quality be decent?
Regarding the differences between the DR-07 &amp; DR 22, do BOTH units offer Output AND Input level manual controls as well as analog mini output jack?
Im wondering if I can wear this and connect it to an 1/8" headset or lav to record myself doing yoga classes. will handling noise be a problem?
does this have a db meter?
Can I create a drum beat with this machine?
People say you can only use one effect at a time. Does that mean I can't be using a delay, chorus, and EQ at the same time?
Does this have a built-in looper so that you can jam against yourself to practice?
Does it come with DC adapter?
Can it be used on a ukelele?
Can it be used w/lefthand guitars so that the wire hang not interfereing w/the strings???
can it be used on a plastic Cymbal for a e-drum set
Do you have a tuner for electric quitar?
Has anyone tried to use this with an autoharp?
can I attach to a baritone ukelele
Can this tune an electric bass without having to plug it to an amp?
Is this tuner actually good for a violin?
Will it work with Venezuelan Cuatro? A D# F B
Can this tuner tune a viola?
Can you use it to tune a standard viola?
Will it work on an Autoharp?
Will this work as a guitar tuner as well? (received as a Christmas gift, but it's the uke version instead of guitar)
Does it work on a baritone uke?
Can I use it as a violin tuner?
Will this work for an Erhu as well? Erhu is a two-string Chinese instrument.
Will this instrument also work on tuning a banjo?
Does it work on a dulcimer?
I have a new MacBookPro 13" Retina Display laptop with 2 Thunderbolt ports. Can the Apogee Jam be directly pluged into a Thunderbolt port rather than
Can I listen using my iPad's built-in speaker, i.e. instead of connecting external speakers through the Ipad's headphone jack?
I'm getting a lot of feedback with higher gain using my headphone jack plug (the Positive Grid JamUp). Is the Apogee JAM better at avoiding feedback?
Will jams work no a mini Mac I have sonic6 it won't.
Can you hook this up to a Mac book air?
Is there a tuner with this package
I have had my ukelele for a week now. I am unable to keep it in tune long enough to begin to learn how to play. Would different strings help?
Will this cable send audio to the usb of my laptop?
Does this cable supply phantom 48v to the xlr microphone?
does it one work for rode nt1-A?
Can this be microphone for a Sony Handycam HDR-CX240?
Would this work with my Excelvan BM-800 Condenser Microphone?
If I wanted to play a karaoke ap from my computer through a keyboard amp, would this be the right cable?
Will this work with the Shure SM58 mic?
I have a bc rich kerry king "v" guitar. Will this stand hold a v without the points of the v hitting the ground?
Can I remove every other peg so that I can stand up my guitars in the case?
would a Rogue Viola Bass fit comfortably in this?
will this hold small stringed instruments, uke?
Will it hold a "V" shaped guitar without the points of the V touching the floor? I have a BC Rich Kerry KIng V.
Can it be mounted to a wall?
is this a tenor, bari, supr?
1) Do I need to buy a cable to connect the ukelele to amplifier. If yes, which one? 2) What shoulder strap to buy t connect to ukelele. Thanks
can this be played as an acoustic ukulele?
should the strings be replaced and if so with what brand?
would it be safe to put tenor aquila strings on this uke?
Is there an adjustable truss rod &amp; tool?
Is this a thin line Guitar?
Does this guitar come packaged in unmarked brown carton box with strings not wrapped and already tuned? I'm trying to determine if I got used guitar
how's the amplification. Does it sound good when played extremely loud
Does it have built in tuner?
Is a mic stand clip included?
Do you need phantom power for it to work? It very much resembles a condenser mic.
Is this microphone good for instruments?
can this be used with a Casio keyboard?
My mic came in today and the cables inside were not soldered, is that how it should be?
Do you need phantom power for it to work? It very much resembles a condenser mic.
Do you need phantom power for it to work? It very much resembles a condenser mic.
will these work for a ukulele?
would it work with this guitar ( Squier by Fender Vintage Modified 70's Stratocaster Electric Guitar, Rosewood fingerboard, Black ) ?
Can this adjust wide enough to fit the neck of a classical guitar, about 2.5"?
Will these hangers work with an ESP XJ-6 guitar? I ask because the cutouts on the headstock above the nut are not even.
Does this work with the Blue Yeti Pro?
can this be mounted on a standard mic stand with out a boom?
Will it attach to "NEEWER Microphone Suspension Boom Scissor Arm Stand"???
can you use two karaoke microphones at the same time?
Is this compatible with Windows 8.1? I see that it is with Windows 8, but the last interface I got worked w/ 8 and doesn't work on my 8.1...
Can the phantom-power in xlr mic-in connection be turned off for microphones that don't require it?
Is this a "power mixer"?? I can't find any information about the maximum wattage of the output.
Can I use this as an external sound card for DJing? I use a Vestax VCI-100 as a controller. (no sound card)
Does this come with a USB cable?
can I use this with my laptop to record a speech?
Do these monitors come with a TRS cable to a RCA output to connect to my interface?
The M-audio av40 has so many problem in losing sound after using for a while. Is M-audio BX5 5" met the same problem?
can this get hooked up to the pc without a receiver?
Can I connect these directly to a laptop?
are the dimensions 3 cm by 2.5 cm?
Can you press only halfway down so the pick stays on the card for later use. I want to make square business cards with a pop out pick already cut.
Can it cut through felt for say ukulele picks?
Does this come with advertised item on the box? I'm wanting to get one as a gift.. was hoping the box would show w/o them having to ask what it is
Is this the standard 351 model? Thank you.
is it capable to cut 2 mm picks?
will this work comfortably on my reverse fender style headstock?
If I change the pitch to 432Hz, will it reset to 440Hz if I turn it off and back on?
is it for banjo
Does this item work on violins
Once installed, can it be easily removed and then installed elsewhere? I might be moving next year and I wouldn't want to leave this hanging!
Will this also fit a guitar?
Will this fit a violin?
Do you think this would work for a Yamaha guitalele?
Would this fit a 4 string banjo? My tenor uke has a wider neck than my goodtime.
Will this also fit a guitar?
will it hang a BOWL BACK mandolin so it won't touch the wall?
Does this work for child size guitars and ukes?
Can I take it on and off of my Guitar so when i don't play with my church, Then just put it in my bag?
Does this pickup work when there are other instruments around too?
I threw away the packaging before reading the instructions. Is there anything to it besides wedging it in the sound hole and plugging in?
Do i need one of those 1/4 female coupler things in order to plug this into an amp?
Will this work on a taylor gs mini?
does it work with classical guitar?
When I tried to plug the product in my amp a couple days ago, it did not work, no sound was coming from the sound speaker. Does it need a battery?
Will this work on a kid's guitar?
Will it hold the IPad 3?
does this fit the ipad air?
Is this stand compatible with the iPad4?
hi...is this good for bass?
Does this come with a 9v ac adapter?
is this worth $13,900?
does this come with a battery. Description says yes but I've read a review that it doesn't. Also what type of battery. Thanks
Will it work on Mandolin
Will it work with an electric guitar without amplifier? I have a http://amzn.com/B000BBRZ3S but it needs an amplifier for tuning =(
Can this be used to tune a acoustic guitar?
Can it tune in drop d
would this work for a hammered dulcimer?
Does it have a built in speaker?
Has anyone found good "case"? for storage/protection
Can I plug the headphone jack of my keayboard into this device for recording ?
Can any unit of this kind be mounted to the Sony a65 and synced to video at time of recording?
It claims to be a "4-track" recorder. Does that mean 4 separate inputs that record simultaneously to _separate_ channels?
Can I plug a bass guitar directly into this without going thru an amp?
does this come with the USB cable?
Is it compatible with Windows 8.1?
Does it sound good for electric guitar?
So. I want to hook up a pair of krk rokit 5s to my computer. Can i use TRS from the rokit to the interface and then the usb to the computer for sound?
does it make your guitar sound like a banjo
does this work on ukulele?
do they come in any other color?
Will this work on my CLASSIC and NOT acoustic guitar??
will it work on a 3/4 size yamaha acoustic?
Would this work well for a Soprano Ukulele?
Can I use this cord to connect to my iPad?
does this work with bass?
Will it work with an acoustic 12 string?
is this the same cable they include in the case candy of a MiA Strat?
is this cable suitable for a soprano ukuelele
Has anyone used this with a 12 string guitar?
will this work for a ukulele?
My son's guitar teacher told him he needs a dunlop capo. . . is this it? (Yes, I'm out of my element, here. :)
Does this work well for a soprano ukulele?
Will this work for a ukulele? Thank you.
The mounting plate that has four holes also has a lip, is this lip there to provide backwards tilt?
i want to hear from violin players. Is it reliable?
Does it work on a cello?
will this work on a twelve string acoustic?
does this tune a trombone
I am buying for my son. Does it work for electric guitar?
There is one like this in the music store near me, and the owner told me that these ae only made in soprano size, not concert size. Is that correct?
Does the Uke come with an instruction book?
does this use standard guitar cord for the amp?
Do you need an amp to play it?
Does this ukulele come with 2 strap buttons so that you can use a guitar strap with it?
is it any good? im a beginner so im not really sure what to expect.
Does the Guitar come pre-set up?
Does this guitar come with the cord to connect it to an amp?
Can this device be used to tune a piano?
Do you have to buy a separate cable to connect guitar to computer?
Can you record your playing with this amplifier. If so, how
Will the line out work with my headphones?
I have a Fender GDEC-3, through which I'm able to play the backing tracks downloaded on my computer (MP3) and YouTube. Can I do same with this amp?
will this amp get me close to the sound of the beatles around 65-67?
is it good 4 jazz
would I be able to tune my flute
Does this work with ukuleles?
Does it have a metronome function?
Is this bigger than the Ns Planet waves micro tuner?
Does this model require tiny screw removal instead of clip together case to change batteries? Tiny screws are only good for getting lost.
can you use it on the piano
Is the base (clip) on this heavy enough to stand on its own without being clipped to a desk?
power goes off when I depress the clip........is this by design?
Does this light come with a bag/case?
Should accept reality, but anyone else have a problem drawing on hole 2? just idividualy it lets little air through and a bad noise.
Is the 560bx-c made in Germany?
used harmonica,ooohh gross, no thank you.is this hygenic?
is it the reed replacable?
Does this set for Concert Ukulele come with Low G string?
Aquila Concert Uke strings. The A and C strings were out of their sleeves. Can I tell which is which by the thickness?
Will this work with the Surface Pro 3
Could this be used to hold a bluetooth keyboard, like the thin Apple keyboard, and swiveled into a position suitable for typing?
is it very stable on a boom stand, centered &amp; balanced, of course?
My tablet is 11" by 18" by 3/4" Dell XPS18. (Need larger screen due to limited eyesight.) Will this tablet mount accommodate these dimensions?
Will this hold the Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 in portrait mode?
Will it work with original iPad ?
Will this fit my ASUS 10.1" tablet?
Do you have to use a screwdriver to replace the battery?
I need to sustain a single note for about ten seconds.Will this pedal do that for me?The note is part of a riff, and the signal just decays to quickly
is this a clone of another pedal, if so, which one? i was thinking Mxr Dyna-comp but this has three knobs not two.
Can I use this for voiceovers to tighten up the sound?
Will this pedal work for bass guitar?
Can it handle a bass, passive or active?
Can it raise the sound of the guitar up to three octaves?
Is there a reason for the color?
Can I use this capo for both my guitar and ukulele?
Would this fit a standard 12 string acoustic?
Does it leave marks on the guitar?
Will this work for both acoustic and electric guitars?
The neck of my ukulele split. Is there some kind of warranty?
DOES IT COME WITH STRINGS?
Should I get on of these if my microphone has a built in pop filter?
can it connect to the Samson Go Mic Portable USB Condenser Microphone
Can you mount this windscreen to a tabletop?
Does it terr easily? My current one is basically almost ripped apart for it was not the best quality.
Is this compatible with the Samson Meteor?
Has anyone tried mounting this to the Blue Yeti desk-stand? (I notice that the piece opposite the screw is not perfectly flat and straight.)
Do You Need a Cab For The amp To Play? Ive Never Used and Orange :/
My amplifier went out. Could I Wire this Orange guitar amp head to the speaker to get it going again?
If it's made in China, does it have that British Tone?
If used with a stereo effects pedal, is the headphone output in stereo?
Can I use the headphone as a line out to the FOH board?
I play metal (normally in drop C). Is this thing cruchy enough to pull it off?
Does a 21" ukulele fit perfectly in the 21" case or is it too small ?
Will a long neck soprano fit in this? It says 22.5 body length
I have a lanakai tenor ukelele, will this fit?
I am wodering, has anyone used this on an acoustic cello? i wonder if this will pickup the lower sounds
Is there a mic built into this i am just a little confused as to what exactly this product is.
Can you connect this to a portal speaker directly (e.g., jbl charge or jawbone) instead of an amp?
Can this be used for recording?
is it for a piano
When I input a vocal sound (I'm learning singing) it gives me the note but not the octave (2,3,4, etc.). Am I missing something?
Can I plug a Yamaha keyboard into the guitar input? Thanks
Can I use this with my macbook pro instead of an ipad? The cable it comes with only plugs into an ipad.
Should I go usb mixer or something like this? Will be used for vocals so I require lowest latency possible, hq audio and monitoring.
Can i connect my drum machine to guitar input?
Is this 30 pin model the same as the Lightening model except the cables?
Can I have better song quality output if I play iPad through this comparing direct connection (iPad to mixer) ?
does it come with power supply?
does it come with manual?
Does this have a midi sync(clock)?
Will this nut fit a Squier Affinity Strat? I realize some minor filing may be necessary.....just want to be sure it's not too narrow for the slot.
The nut on my guitar got sanded in when i used strings of thicker gauges (low E - 52). Will this nut get destroyed if i use these types of strings?
Will this fit a Fender DG-7 acoustic?
I am looking for a high quality bone nut for direct replacement on a 1966 Fender Mustang. Do you have something like this available?
Is the max height of the Gearlux Collapsible "Solid-Top" Orchestra Music Stand the same 47-48" max height as the Gearlux Delux?
"how much does the shelf tilt" --'180 degrees' Does that mean it can lay almost flat, to perfectly upright?
Does the try separate from the base
Is it good for airplane travel?
Hello everyone , will this case fit Yamaha FG700S acoustic guitar?
will it fit my epiphone masterbilt dr-500mce?
Is the wood engineered; what type of wood is used? I would rather not buy wood that has formaldehyde on it and may leech chemicals if temps get warm
Does this case fit Breedlove Concert guitar body?
Will this fit my Epiphone DR-100?
Will this fit on a Yamaha F325?
will this fit a Epiphone AJ40TLC ?
will the work on an applause ovation model # aa61-4
Is this good for classical guitars?
Is this available for a left handed Yamaha FG720 SL?
Is the bone product a better sound than the composit / nylon man made saddle and pins ?
is this saddle cut for a "radiused" fretboard? in other words does it allow for curvature of a fretboard that is not flat - for example 16" radius
Is this for Brass Instruments?
Is this work for violin?
Can it tune to E flat?
Will my B.C. Rich Warlock guitar fit in this case? I just need it to transport my guitar to and from lessons.
Will my Ibanez GRG120BDX fit in this case?
Will a 3/4 squier electric guitar fit in here
will it take care of my Les Paul Studio and Black Beauty (copy) ?
I have a Dean DA-20 acoustic-electric guitar. Will it fit that?
Would a 3/4 size acoustic guitar fit in here?
Would a 4inch thin-line guitar be safe in this case?
I see the latch has a key hole, does it include a key?
Will the Yamaha FG-335 fit in this case?
I want to know if my guitar will fit in the ChromaCast CC-AHC acoustic hard case. It is an epiphone model #PR-150NA, Serial #0907110437, will it fit
Would a 43" guitar like the Fender FA-100 fit?
Would a 42inch guitar fit in the gig bag?
Will this bag fit a Rogue Starter Acoustic Guitar with 7/8 scale? http://www.amazon.com/Rogue-Starter-A...
My acoustic Martin is 16" wide, 41" long, and a tad over 4" thick...will it fit the case?
Is there any leather on it... anywhere?
is the pocket on the neck long enough to hold a portable guitar stand?
Does it fit Wasburn D100, the bottom of D100 is quite big when compare to traditional acoustic guitar. Thanks.
Does it have any padding?
Will this case fit a 23" child's first guitar?
will this hold the yeti pro?
Will it hold a rode nt1 a
Does this stand work for the blue yeti microphone
Will this hold the Blue Yeti USB Microphone?
Will this hold the Behringer C-1U Condenser Microphone Cardioid
since it only has one button, can you repeatadly stop and start the loop again without erasing what you just recorded?
what additional item(s) would I need to hook this up to a cello?
Does it quantise the loops?
Is it noise cancelling?
does this work with an iPad?
Are these headphones comfortable/not painful for someone who wears glasses but has a relatively small head?
Can the headband be adjusted to fit different sized heads?
Does it truely deliver 'Rich bass and crisp highs'?
Is this headphone comfortable enough to be worn for many hours (5+) at a time?
Does it allow you to plug in headphones so only you can hear your playing?
can you use an electric acoustic guitar with this and get good sound?
Does it have an external speaker jack?
can the tempo be changed on a recorded track
can this record from audio mixer?
when you export multi track recordings, do the files keep their individual tracks?
Can you record a drum machine track on here and add vocals and guitar later?
if I record a rythym guitar and vocal track, can I play it back and add another guitar track while listening to the 1st?
Can you record at the same time as playback (of another track)?
Where does it get the advertised 48v phantom power? Can't get that from only USB and I don't see power plug/supply in picture.
Does the USB connection cable go with the product?
Will the USB and RCA line-out output audio at the same time? I need to hook up the USB to one PC and RCA line out to another PC's mic input.
Does it have OS X Yosemite 10.10.x support?
Does this have XLR outputs?
Does it come with recording software?
Can i plug midi device into it?
does this GLS come with the lifetime warranty?
is this 1/4 inch cable standard size for all elect acoustic guitars
Is the ChromaCast logo on both sides of the picks?
are they good for beginre
can these picks be for ukulele too?
Would a banjo work well with this stand?
Will this work for a Martin Backpacker guitar?
will an electric guitar fit on this stand
Will this work for a junior/child-size acoustic guitar?
Will it work for electric guitars?
Is there a spot for the violin bow. I don't see it in the picture.
will this fir a fender 3/4 mini guitar?
Would this be big enough for a tenor ukulele?
Is this stand big enough for a child's acoustic guitar?
Will this amp make me a Rock God so chicks will dig me?
Does the amp come with a cord to connect to the guitar?
will this amp work with a lap steel guitar?
Could the amp be louder than 2 guitars a FULL drum set and a microphone in a venue that's about as big as a gym?
Could this stand be used for as banjo?
Can you use this stand on ESP LTD AX-50?
Would a ukulele fit for this stand?
Is this stand stable on a densely-carpeted surface, to hold a classical guitar?
will it hold the fender mini electric 3/4 guitar well?
Does it need assembly?
Will this tuner work to tune a 6 string electric lap steel guitar?
I am surprising my fiancee with an acoustic guitar for his birthday. will this work for an acoustic guitar? Not sure what is needed!
will this tuner work on a lap steel quitar
Could i use this on a five string bass?
will it tune a 5 string banjo?
Does it come with a power cord?
Does the TC Tuner act as a buffer in the signal chain, similar to Boss TU-2?
Does it have a power output for daisy chaining other pedals?
Can it tune e flat?
Can you combine the mode that lets you change the tuning pitch to flat with the "drop d" tuning mode for example if you want to tune to drop C or C#
Can I connect a Guitar and a Mic to Mixer, and Mixer to Looper, and Looper to Amp to loop both instruments? Thanks!
Can someone get really basic. How is this thing set up, i presume it plugs into an amp and a guitar, but are two channels needed for stereo, etc.
I just recently bought this, and when I start it it flashes through the LEDs and won't record or anything, is there any setup that I missed?
does this ship with the lightning cable?
Does this work for a violin with a pickup?
Hi. Does it work with a keyboard? Thanks
Are there latency issues if you are monitoring through the headphone out on a Macbook Pro while playing along with a recorded track in Garage Band
There is a section on the box next to the Mac symbol that says universal. Does this mean I can use it on my windows PC as well?
Can you use this to connect a line out on a guitar amp to Garage Band?
Can you plug a microphone into it?
