Yes tnks
Yes, that's what I use it for
Not sure of your model off the top of my head but I think they are standard on all Yamaha units and it woks perfect on mine.
after a quick look at specs,I would say not. Some can't have devices hooked in.
Yes
Absolutely!
You might want to check your manual, but it's a simple on/off switch with a 1/4" plug, which is pretty standard. The footswitch is very well made.
Seems to work fine on my 76 key DGX230. Not quite like on a real piano, but pretty decent.
Absolutely!
Hi and thanks for your question! After doing a bit of research into foot controllers such as your Roland GA-FC, I would have to advise the no, this cable would NOT be correct for connecting such a device, as it does not have the required 1/4" TRS-style phone plugs you would need. Rather, it has standard, MONO 1/4" plugs, such as you would use to plug an electric guitar into a practice amp. Hope this helps! Thanks for asking!
Going from guitar directly to sound board without direct box? Sure, as long as your board has 1/4 inch inputs, why not?
I wouldn't...speaker cables are longer and may be less expensive.
It's a standard guitar cable. Should work on any electric guitar
Yes. 1/4 male to 1/4 male. This will work for your guitar
It should. Just be sure you have a standard mic connection on your mic and a 3.5 mm input on the machine. Those sizes you'll have to confirm yourself though. You might need a regular mic cord, a mic to 1/4 inch, or something else entirely--depending on connectors.
Does the mic need phantom (external) power? If not, then if you hooked it up as a mic, (in contrast to aux input) it should work fine.
This adapter should work since it splits the audio source into stereo. The only thing is now in audition it will only pick up either a left or right input signal (to fix just switch inputs to mono in audition) Hope this helps
Yes, this is the right one. That is exactly the setup I use, and works great.
it should work
I'm not familiar with that headset but if it terminates to an XLR then yes, this should take that and convert it to a plug that would fit in a 3.5mm mic port. I'm not sure if the cable would let you HEAR anything, but I've been using it to come out of a shotgun mic and into my camera and its worked great.
If the receiver has a 1/8 mic jack, then theoretically it will work. I do not recommend it because you will experience signal degradation when using this product. IE, the mic will be super quiet, as it is underpowered. You will need a pre-amp or sound board, which will convert from XLR input to 1/4 output, while also giving the mic enough power to pick up sounds properly. 1/4 cords can have 1/4 at one end and 1\8 at the other, which will still maintain a good signal. You're best bet would be converting the XLR over a pre-amp or soundboard into a USB (or FireWire) output, which should plug into the receiver, or a computer. Bottom line though, is this converter sucks, and will not serve your needs.
Yes. However your laptop will not read separate channels or anything.
No there was a lot of static a friend made an extra attachment to correct
It will but you might get some interference. I chose a mono cable.
I've never worked with that camera, but I would assume so. It connected to my Canon 5D Mark III just fine.
Of it has a mic input that looks like a headphone jack. Then yes.
If it has jack port it should.
It probably is, but I can't say for sure. The Azden 1X is self powered so it does not need power from the camera. Does the T5i supply power to the mic jack? If so, can it be defeated? Is the mic input to the camera balanced or unbalanced? This would affect the wiring diagram of the jack. Also, you need to check the input level and impedance of the camera and the same of the mic to see if they match. I hope this helps.
You're gonna need a female quarter inch to male 3.5mm.
Yes it works, but this adapter introduces high atenuation to the signal, I suggest you to purchase this instead: Audix T-50K Inline Impedance Matching Transformer. It is more expensive, but it has much better quality.
No it won't.
I do not know that answer. I bought it to plug my microphone into my headphone jack of my laptop but I bought the wrong piece. It is the same size as my micropohone cable (which plugs into my amp) i ordered another piece and haven't received it after a month. I think we should both go to best buy, media play, guitar center or radio shack instead and get the right piece. :) Good luck
I believe this adapter yields a mono split and not a stereo split.
It is not a digital cable. It is an xlr connector, which is an analog microphone audio connector.
I have not tried it but logically it should work thecacable has no electronics it just carries the signal. So it should go both ways.
I have a Tascam with 2 XLR ins. When I run 2 mics I just plug them both in. If I am only using one mic, then I use this to ensure I don't get a channel of hiss. So this appears to be the opposite of what you want. This is a single in for a double out.
I'm assuming you mean that you want to use this cable to chain two amplified speakers together. If that's not correct, please clarify and I'll alter my response. But, in my opinion, I'm not sure if this configuration will work. I would assume that your speakers have a female XLR for the input. Due to that fact, I'm not sure if this would work if you were attempting to daisy chain the speakers in line. However, if you were trying to run two separate lines from a single output of a soundboard (assuming it was a mono output or you are running two left or right channel speakers for some reason), this should work. The point being, the input signal into this cable should be the female end, and the output signal should be coming out of the two male ends.
Yes
Yes, just follow the directions on the can. This contact cleaner works great.
I have not used Kontak, but this does the same it worked best on my hdmi cables...
Yup.
I used it on electrical connections. I am not sure about game contacts - but I would expect it would work.
All microphones, except those at the end of a megaphone or bullhorn, need to be plugged into an amplifier (or preamp which is plugged into an amplifier) to which speakers are connected. The connection from the microphone to the amplifier may be by wire, or by wireless transmitter. For this particular microphone, the Nady SP-4C, the connection is by the included microphone cable.
That is so weird...i have that very keyboard,..yes it does.
check your cable inputs. chances are most likely.
Yes it has the standard size jack for the microphone
It will, great mic for the money, I bought 2 and they are great
Yes! Any XLR to RCA or XLR to 1/8" (whichever your camera has) will work. Keep in mind that this mic isn't as sensitive as a Condenser mic. It may suit you just fine or it may not be quite loud enough. However, this mic can take an impressive beating.
The 'LC' means 'less cable' so you will need to buy the cable. The SM57 is a dynamic microphone and is often used to close mic amplifiers, drums and sometimes acoustic instruments. If you're not a huge audio nerd this mic will record anything you want it to with pretty solid results (in my opinion)
no. it is just a microphone.
With this microphone, you will need an audio interface to enable a hook-up to your computer. The audio interface, like a USB mixer, will enable you to plug in the XLR connector from the mic into the mixer and then output the signal to your computer via a USB cable. I would suggest purchasing a USB microphone which will plug directly into your laptop or desktop. The Blue USB microphone was on sale at Amazon for $50 a few days ago. The AT-2020 is also a good choice. You'll then need a Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) in order to edit, enhance, save your work. There are free DAWs like Audacity and others that you can purchase. I narrate books for Audible.com and used the AT2020 for narrating a number of books with good results. There are better choices for a dynamic microphone than this PG48. I purchased this mic earlier this year and found it to be very "tinny"--not full bodied. I returned the mic for a refund.
The microphone has a male XLR connector. You can get an appropriate cord to connect this to a standard sound system or get a Male XLR to 1/4" Male connector for a Karaoke sound system.
I believed so
Yes, you can use it to a non- phantom powered pa system. Even am using this microphone without Phantom power. I suppose the second part of your question truly depends on your USE, i guess in SM series (expect the condenser mic SM27, SM7B) don't use Phantom power. Here i have a link for you that might help, http://www.shure.com/americas/products/microphones thats all i kno. Hope it helps you
No cable. Includes clip and soft case.
Excellent product and good service
Like most professional microphones, it does not. Most audio engineers do not want a switch as it introduces another point of confusion during a production (why no sound? Did the talent flip the switch? etc). If you absolutely need a switch for a special application, there are microphone cables with build in switches.
It depends on if you're talking acoustic or electric. Will it work for either? Yeah.... but my go to for heavy distorted guitars is still the 57. On acoustic I usually use a pair of KSM 109's or AT 4047's.
No, see photos.
This is a standard low impedance analog output. You will need a soundcard with a microphone preamp commonly called an interface. For example, the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2
No, in my opinion actually the opposite. They have a very mellow tone.
I've got two basses (both 4-string, one in E and one in D) I run through the pedal frequently. I haven't encountered any problems with it.
Yes the os-2 does accept a 9 volt battery in place of the recommended adapter. Also, most other stomp box 9 volt adapters work just fine with this pedal if you have any extras but beware, using a different adapter from the one recommend by boss may result in voiding the os-2's warranty. So far I have found the os-2 to be a very versatile pedal and recommend it if you are looking to add a little color to your tone.
No. I bought my own
This pedal is made at Roland/Boss Taiwan facility. There is virtually no difference in the sound of most Boss pedals in regard to where they're made. I've run over boss pedals with a truck and they still work fine. This pedal sounds the same as the earlier versions that I had.
They'll fit any guitar as far as I can tell. I have them on strats, teles and a les paul. Please note that the screws for these are bigger than the ones that come with the guitar so if you ever remove them the old strap attachments will not stay on again. But why would you ever take them off, right?
They will. There is a washer that goes on the inside of the strap which clears enough room to put to small clamp on. I have two custom made straps which are very thick and had really no problem.
Yes. As long as the acoustic does not use the rear strap connector as the connection point for a cord to an amplifier.
It does require drilling a screw that's usually slightly larger than the screw holding the strap knob currently. As always (put barsoap in the tip/threads of the new "straplock" screw) and use the recommended size drill bit when "re-coring" for the new larger screw (have a electric drill and various small wood drill bits). If you have ANY doubt, then I'd say take it to a well trusted and referred guitar technician/luthier. Their experience is almost ALWAYS worth the money!!
Don't know that, sorry. I didn't have to drill on my Les Paul
They should work without drilling. I've installed on Ibanez Jems, Ibanez SDGR Bass, Yamaha Bass, Parker Fly Deluxe, Fender Strat, Gibson SG and my EB Petrucci Musicman and never had to drill.
yes, I have the Gibson version. It's one of my favorites, (I have 14 guitars). The size makes it enjoyable to play even while sitting down, (I'm also sixty years old). I have smaller hands with a touch of arthritis in my left thumb, the Gibson scale works better for me than the longer Fender scale. You can't beat this guitar for the money. It's easy to make adjustments too if you feel so inclined.
I think that your only no-drill option would be the Stetsbar; everything else would require drilling and/or significant modification.
No, it did not.
Yes. I have used mine with RockSmith
Yes, you need to purchase the adapter or a 9 volt battery. I recommend the adapter.
No, the GCB95 does not have true bypass. I make sure to run it 1st in my effects chain. Has no/much less affect on bypassed tone than the Vox wah.
Yea
This pedal is a 9volt power supply. If your Voodoo Lab Pedal power supply output is at 9V and your plug fits. Then its Rock-n-Roll!
No it will not. Get an overdrive or boost pedal for volume
Well my husband has the bluebird and it works great with that but it attaches to the actual mic stand o if you have a standard mic stand it should work and it helps get rid of the "pop" sounds
Depends on the mic stand. But I wouldn't recommend this one. It's poorly made and runs easily. I would get the Samson PS 201.
I think it would be perfect for a desk stand. The only problem you might encounter with that desk stand is that the length of the screw attachment might stick out farther than you want it to. But, if you aren't limited on desk space (the clamp sticks out 6 inches), then it shouldn't be a problem. Otherwise, if you want to keep things in a tidier fashion around the desk stand, then a pop filter with a shorter clamp, which is the kind I ended up going with, might work better.
I have no doubt that you could use it with your blue snowball microphone. It would all depend on your setup. Refer to this link here: http://www.rakuten.com/prod/blue-microphones-snowball-plug-play-usb-microphone-white-accessory-kit/216730681.html?listingId=116650468&sclid=pla_google_aSavings&adid=29963&gclid=CjwKEAiA2JqkBRDshIOY_9eMghkSJABvNd1QXMuqqCYZ0FciTCM7uLArjPlIm_c_yZt2dAvWty6T2RoCcObw_wcB
It hooked to my stand no problems. Even vertically. The desk however. Depends on the width really. But this is one of the biggest clamps for a pop filter I've ever seen. It should be okay. Hope this helps!
So Good... Excelent
Yes it can look on YouTube.
this unit has three knobs. from left to right, tone, level, distortion.
I doubt it would work to well. The tone of the DS-1 is very treble heavy, so it would probably make the violin sound nasally or whiney.
I believe so
Heck yeah it does! It sounds great for the bass
No.
I believe this would be unlikely to work well for that amp. The specs for a Roland Cube specify the use of a 1/4" TRS cable (stereo cable) and this pedal is intended to work with a mono 1/4" cable. To be safe, you would want to find a pedal that accepts or includes a stereo (TRS) cable in order to get the expected behavior for a Cube. I could be wrong though, as I've not played a Cube personally. Just going off of the specs Roland provides for the foot switch jacks on a Cube.
No. It didn't come with any cables. I just hook it up to my ME-50 with a regular instrument cable.
No, the unit only has a 1/4" (guitar cable) input and output. No external power is involved.
Si, puede lanzar o detener un pulso. Tambin puede avanzar de una memora a la siguiente.
This FS-5U is a tap tempo pedal for a Boss DD-20 Gig a Delay pedal
I have no idea. Only a guess that it would, since it's just a simple footswitch.
Sorry but I don't own it anymore
Yes, definitely. You need a stereo mini male to male cable. I use my iPod with my MicroCube at all my outdoor shows. http://cedarflutes.com/roland_micro_cube.htm Love it!
I've used this cube for many situations like that and have been very satisfied. I see no problems.
I think so. I don't have a mic to try it but there is a setting for it on the selector knob that has the sound settings.
The case looks universal.
Yes
I don't think so It's perfect for a les Paul I think your 175 body is bigger
This case appears to be made specific to the Epiphone/Gibson guitar. Unless the shape of your Ibanez Artcore Hollow Body is similar is size and shape, it will not fit.
Unless it is the same exact size as the Les Paul guitar, I seriously doubt it. The Les Paul 6 string fits as snug as a bud in a rug.
This is not the case for you - but I have a Riviera P93 and there is an epi case like this for you - it is the same case that Epophone Dot takes
Yes- I have a LP Special TV Yellow P90 and it fits perfect-
I think the les Paul jr's are a smaller scale. I would stop at a guitar center to test fit it before purchasing one online. My les Paul standard fits snug. That is how it should fit in the case.
it should, not much different from Les Paul model. It's a very nice case for the money.
It's a great buy and good guitar
i have a sg epip- they are great guitars for the money --gibson - a waste of money -you buy the name-- i dont see a pick guard - some have them they are black in color,,, or get a piece of plexie glass make your own --i have before,, no problem
No
The normal strap knobs are there. One on the bottom and one by the neck.
I pop'd the high e string a few weeks after getting mine, it broke as I was tuning up and I went a little too far. I haven't had any other strings break.
I have the ebony color and the wood finish is black and glossy/reflective...absolutely beautiful! Hope others can comment on the natural.
When I first opened the box there was a strong smell but in a few hours it was gone.
yes
Yes it does
Yes it does.
I don't think so it holds my special nice and snug but any thing thicker or more fragile no I wouldn't.
Hi Saul , it's perfect for solid body electric . Not for accustic ...
It fits our SG Special fine
well just let me say , it just fits my Epiphone Les Paul, and works great for my telecaster. I keep my guitars in the closet and gig bags are great for that. cases take up two much room, not good for throwing in the back of a van though.
No its for solid body electric guitars.
Most guitars shaped like an SG or Strat but not for aggressive shapes like a V or Warlock
It actually includes 4 Mopads plus the wedges that allow up to 8 degrees. So you have enough to place two of everything depending on your needs under each speaker. You can support two different speakers that way using two underneath each of them. I have a really big Ascend Acoustics center speaker I just got and I am using just two of them to support it. I have another two I am not even using at the moment. Just to be clear I bought the option that says one pair, for two speakers.
You will need a pair for each speaker. I think that one order only comes with one pair
Yes you can actually. The dimensions mentioned are 12 x 4 (depth x width) for one piece of Auralex foam. When you use two pieces it will support one Rokit 8 speaker since its dimensions are 11.7 x 19.8 inches. You will have a 3 inch gap under the speaker but that will not affect the performance of the combination of using Auralex foam and Rokit speakers. Remember you will receive 4 pieces of foam so two per speaker. I currently use them for my Rokit 6s and it makes a significant different in comparison to just placing my monitors on a table (due to vibrations and whatnot). I hope this helps!
Yes
No
Don't think so. They are made of a dense foam. I use them on a folding table with plastic laminate
estimate: 15 - 20 deg
A sticker?
Yes definitely!! It will help keep your strings and fret board clean and also make for smoother transitioning while playing!!
This humidifier works fine in a case to get humidity in the guitar quickly; although I use this one at times in one of my older guitars, I tend to use HumidiPak (also sold by Amazon.com) to keep the case at about 47 percent humidity at all times. If a guitar sits open, the room needs to be in the right humidity range -- this particular product would likely dry quickly in an open room (unless you are in a very humid area.
Mine came with a little sponge in it, yes. I presume you can cut off a small part of a bigger sponge and use that f you don't feel like returning the item.
Yes. It works fine with smaller guitars. I have two of these and use them religiously when the humidity is low.
I don't know ? mine works fine and I keep the sponge moist not dripping wet . I haven't heard of a gel pack but if it is better I would try it Sorry I couldn't be of more help Raymond
It might! This humidifier is made for acoustic guitars. Another trick. Replace the sponge with micro-fiber cloth! The cloth stays wet twice as long as the sponge.
This is a okay mike for live performances. It is a cheap version of the SM 58 which cost about $100.00. It is probably not the best mike for recording or other applications that require high quality. I suppose it depends on what you are podcasting. If you are streaming a live band you could use these for the vocals. It really depends on what you are using it for. I use mine for vocals at practice for live performances. I hope this helps.
Yes my son used it for Culture Flow (talent show)
You'll get a decent vocal sound out of it, but an SM57 will be more versatile for recording instruments, especially guitar amps. Might want to look into a condenser mic instead.
The CE mark means that it meets European Certification standards.
If you are talking about a standard xlr to 1/4 adapter, then yes. I use mine like that. I have the standard xlr cable running out of it, a converter on the other end of the cable with a guitar cable plugged into of that adapter and that guitar cable is plugged into my old peavey standard pa which does not even take xlr's. Lol. I hope this helps, I just wanted to explain that it will and it works great for me.
In the back of the unit is a 1/4" Preamp output
No, it cannot handle a bass
Yes. That would be pretty eccentric! But it would play the music. Though considering it's an amp for guitar it won't sound as good as iPod speakers.
No
No, but in the 5 years of using a pig nose I have never had a problem with batteries
Any regular guitar cord I think would work.
There is a microphone plug. I use the green bullet microphone which works great, at least for playing harp.
The groove of the mic clip is standard so any other will fit in. I had got some deals from http://www.musiciansfriend.com/ Item: 276011000000000 for just $1.00. This has quick release style and sturdy too.
You could unthread the base if required for transport, but it's probably not something you could do at every gig before stripping or cross-threading would occur.
Yes it does
If the shock mount will screw onto a standard threaded fitting on a regular mic stand, just like a regular mic clip, yes it will.
Not a good option for that use. This is a tabletop item
Yes
Phantom power is produced by audio mixer or mic preamp, or phantom power unit. There is no XLR cable MtF that can produce phantom power by itself. Please check your mixer, it should have a 48v button.
Yes
anything that has +48v phantom can power this mic.
Yes, if the banjo has a resonator back. If it is an open back banjo, then no.
Hi, Adrianne happy to help.... The Fender Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand is designed to hold a full sized guitar...while it will actually "hold" a 3/4 sized guitar I believe it will aesthetically not be pleasing since the holders, legs, and spine are NOT adjustable.
If the base of your ukulele is more than 11", it will sit on this stand otherwise ukulele will be too small to sit on this mini stand.
Yes, this would be a great stand for any smaller body guitar.
It might, but not secure enough. Not recommend.
Yes, this should work fine with a 1/4 cello. Thanks.
i think it would. it fits on big bass tuners
i have only used it on my electric guitars to this point however, it seems it should work just fine on all tuners. hope that helps.
It all depends on the size of the tuning peg. Of they bigger on a bass than other guitar, than they may wiggle inside the tuner and be more difficult to wind the pegs. I've used the regular pro wonder on ukuleles, acoustic guitars and mandolins.
i haven't had to change out any bass strings yet, i just bought the one for bass because it is bigger to fit the machine tuning heads better, i haven't tried a regular guitar one on a bass, but i just checked and the cutters on both of them are the same and the guitar winder fits on the bass machine tuners if it is turned
I am not sure, but it should as it can cut the 6th E string with out issue.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
No, but great strings!!
I wouldn't. Elixir makes acoustic ones as well, they're just as amazing!
All elixir strings have the polymer coating.
whether or not it is okay on a satin finished guitar is not detailed or specified on the kits packaging or individual bottles themselves. I would contact the manufacturer in hopes they can provide you with accurate information. All my guitars have a shiny finish. Sorry. =/
It should be fine on your strat as long as the finish is not nitrocellulose.
Yes
Yes
Hey dude. Not really. The fretboard treatments are for rosewood only. Mind you, I find that the orange polish/cleaner is great for removing grime from maple without gunking it up.
No those are sold separately. It comes with two microfiber clothes and a very fine grit sandpaper to clean fretboard
Yes the formula 65 green bottle is part Caranuba Wax. Everything else no.
Yes I have tried many many string companies they are good for beginners you want to do slide or want string they are easy to move around with these strings in my best are great the sound of the new strings do not wear off in a day as other strings do, if I was you I would go with these strings
Not so much....but they are great sounding strings!
You can. Dont worry.
oh yes very good but I call her Ugly Betty'
I got the Dean case as it cost just $10 more. It would probably fit the Les Paul case but my Dean case has a Dean logo, fits like a glove, and is well made. I shop around at Amazon, eBay, Americanmusical.com, zZounds.com, and Guitarcenter.com.
No just the guitar.
Unfortunately we are unable to do this, as we keep a fairly large stock of items such as this. In an effort to keep all of them new and sealed in the original packaging we can't individually inspect or photograph instruments in this price range.
Hey, Bernard! Yes it will ship to the UK. Shipping should calculate during checkout. Thanks!
Yeah, crappy ones.
I don't know what kind of Mandolin my son has. It was a Christmas gift. But I will say it is a wonderful case. He loves it.
It did not fit for my KM-140 (as I mentioned in my review here:
Sure, its the best, high quality and cero noises
I use it for guitars but you could certainly use it for keys.
Fits in sound hole easy, nice snug fit.great all around acoustic Mic
The wonderful thing about pickups is that they are all universal in that way. No such thing as a left- or right - handed pickup. Every pickup will work for a left- or right - handed guitar. These Woody pickups by Seymour Duncan are as easy as pie! Simply place it in your sound hole on your acoustic guitar and plug in. I would caution you to turn all the way down before plugging in and then bring the sound up to make sure that you don't blow anything because there isn't a gain control on these pickups. They are simple plug and play. Good sound, decent quality entry level acoustic pickups. Buy it. You won't regret it.
Yes, I used it the other day on Rocksmith.
I've used it on my Yamaha classical guitar, and it works pretty well. I believe it works better on your standard, steel string acoustic guitars; but, yes it works with nylon strings. Hope that helps. R. Logan satisfied customer
This pickup doesn't have its own power source so any product that does is optional. I have used a small digital recorder with adapters and it worked fine.
Most modern/late model guitars have sound holes of a similar size for commercial convenience. Usually, custom guitars may deviate. Without measuring, I'd say theres a 90% chance that it would.
it has a wider stance than the average hole by about a half inch on either side and is held in place with some foam rubber substance - so more than likely yeah - but if I had a Martin I would upgrade to a unit that had a volume control on the wire - just saying. This pick=up is elegant for we who play professionally but is out of your control at the source besides your amp...and thru an electric amp it's tinny sounding - but thru an acoustic amp or pa it's just as rich as can be.
I imagine it would be. I dont know of any acoustic pickups made specifically for bass.
does not fit my jazzmasters
This case is primarily for the normal shapes like telecastor and stratocaster. But Gator makes a GW Multi Fit case for extreme shape guitars like firebird, flying - V, etc.
No, this case will not fit the squier bronco bass. I recommend the "Gator GC Deluxe Bass Guitar Case" or "Gator GL Lightweight Bass Guitar Case".
That's hard to answer with 100% confidence. I tried the case with an Ibanez RG model, a Strat, and a Tele and they all worked fine. I suppose there could be a guitar or two that due to it's cutaways etc might not fit. I looked at a pic of your guitar online (nice!) and it's similar to my RG. I 'think' it will fit but there's only one way to know for sure and that's to get the case.
Not sure I have super strat guitars and they fit great.
While I don't know, if you send me the dimensions of the body and how long the neck is I will measure the case.
Not sure about the JTV 89F, but I use one of these cases for my Variax 700.
Per Marc Maron on a mic website "In the garage I use two Shure SM7s into a Samson MDR6 mixer into Garage Band on my mac. On the road I use a Zoom H4n and two Blue Encore 100 mics." However, the SM7B is a great broadcast mic. I use it for studio vocals. Hope this helps.
Yes, you can still record some good tracks. However, not sure if you'll be able to get much color.
Yes
No problem. The SM7B has about the same output as a SM57. GREAT mic.
There is no correct answer here. It's a question of taste. The SM7 is a typical "radio" mic, but can also be used as a voice over mic. There are some alternatives in the same price range that have more voice over characteristics, better frequency response and less noise in the signal. Still the SM7 is wonderful for radio (I own three of them) but it needs some extra tweaking with voice processing and EQ.
Yes, full 360 degree swivel in place.
Yes it is removable for transport! Just a bolt and wing nut holds it in place.
Personally I do not like the Dyna with a bass. The Dyna is geared towards thinner strings at a higher octave than a bass. What will happen when you run this particular compressor with a bass is that you will over compress and your notes will become very "muddled"; loosing tone and a rich bottom end. MXR has a series for bass. I would look at that rather than the Dyna. Bass compressors tend to compress less thus allowing your natural tone to come through and leveling out the volume of string slaps and such.
MXR along with just about every effects pedal company does not include an AC adapter with their pedals. One can find package deals though that do include an AC adapter. If you happen to have one for a Boss effect pedal that will work; as well along with many other brands. Do note that these pedals come with a battery inside. It is important that you remove it if you don't plan to use it. Folks sometimes forget it is in there and the battery acid will erode the inner electronics of the pedal.
It colors the tone when engaged, and also adds a bit of noise. Most compressors do. But adding a clean power supply or a noise suppressor will fix that. If I recall correctly, a low output from the pedal results in low noise.
YES, it works great, but you don't need to use the 18v output. I've been using mine in a standard 9v output, thereby saving you a spot for another 9v pedal. I've seen other people with several various ways to connect it, but, it's so simple, just use ONE 9v input. Enjoy your new EQ.
I have the YPG-235 and it works fine. The sustain does not have the fade out one is used to on an acoustic, but I have been very happy with this add on purchase for my Yamaha keyboard.
HI Jan and Happy New Year! Great question! I did a lot of research via Google, Bling, etc. before I called Yamaha and asked them. They gave me the answer without hesitation as to which sustain pedal was best for my PSR-E433 and I am reallllly happy with their advice. My FC4 works without flaw and I have been very happy with my purchase. My advice...call Yamaha tech support 800-854-1569 or parts 888-892-6242 for the very BEST answer! Enjoy !!
Yes! This is the one that goes with actually any Yamaha keyboard. It sounds great. I used it when I accompanied my Glee Club students for solos. If this one ever breaks I would definitely get the same thing. Good luck.
Absolutely, Yamaha makes their products to integrate with all of their products and models.
It works with any keyboard that has a dedicated 1/4" jack for "sustain".
I tried this pedal on a an older Casio and it did NOT work.
refer to your owners manual, or google the owners manual for which pedal you should use for your brand of keyboard.
Yes, that is what I have.
Yes, this pedal has an adequate speed that allows for pleasing expression when performing in most styles.
No, just one on the bottom. You will have to tie your strap to the headstock.
no,just the guitar... you can get a capo ,and picks cheap at guitar assy,on amazon,,buy the way this is a great playing guitar
You would have to look at amazon's return policy and warranty info. The guitar is awesome. It just needs set up like every other guitar.
No, you can easily purchase one with the savings and its still a better deal than other starters.
Normal 34" scale and below would fit. No hollowbody, or longer scale(might not fit)
The length won't be a problem, but the width will be a tight squeeze (of course you want it snug, but not where you have to force it in) I don't know what you mean by "turning it" but the cavity is 14"" wide, 15" if you squeeze the padding. If by turn it you mean "angle it" in the case and get down to 14"", it should work because its not a form fitting case so you have some wiggle room. Will be snug, but snug is good.
Take some measurements of the guitar, but I would have to say that most likely the Jackson JS32 Rhoads will not fit.
I don't think it's a good idea to play djembe with drum sticks.
Sure... as long as you are not a "heavy hitter" these drumsticks will work.
No they are perfect! !
I bought it for my 8 year old granddaughter and her guitar teacher said it will be another year before she grows into it.
No
Yes
No, if you 'require' a USA made guitar expect to pay at least $400 or so ... and that's for the cheap ones. The build quality of the one we have is OK (it was playable out of the box) but now that my daughter seems to be sticking with it it will get a professional set and I'll be upgrading the tuners (the weakest point in the hardware it comes with).
Yes, it has the Epiphone Limited Lifetime Warranty. You can look up the details at this URL. Just scroll down the to DR-212 model for them. http://www.epiphone.com/Support/Warranty.aspx
I believe it should, but I would be careful. the dr 212 is a 12 string the Dr 100 is a 6 string. so your case may be a little bit too short. My 12 string measures 43" overall the body is 20" and the neck is 23" to the end of the top. Measure your case to be sure
Yes -- all new guitars come with strings. They might not be the best strings, but if you need to ask the question (no disrespect intended), they will probably be just fine until you reach the point where you're ready to look for something special. Note, however, that it does not come with other accessories, except for a neck adjustment wrench, which I would urge you NOT to use yourself. You will probably want to buy a case or at least a padded gig bag.
Yes but it only goes up to a certain weight. If you have a heavy guitar, then I recommend going to home depot or lowe's for stronger ones.
It might. The opening of the hook is about 2 1/4 inches at its widest so the ukulele headstock would have to be wider than that. Otherwise it would slip through.
Yes, I think so. I have an electric 12-string hanging from a String Swing Metal hanger. It's neck is 1 3/4" wide near the nut, where the hangers hold it. There seems to room at the point for an even wider neck too. Hope that is helpful. Parry
Not sure. Holds an electric guitar perfectly. Holds at least 30 pounds
Yes
yes
the hanger does not move, its all screwed in place.
If you're looking for a really portable stand, you'd do much better buying one whose music-rest folds up. That part of this stand is a very sturdy tray measuring 18+ inches x 13+ inches . The value of this stand is its solidity, not its great portability.
Yes, it can lay horizontal (flat like a dinner plate) and tightened into place. It's VERY sturdy but I wouldn't put anything terribly heavy on it in that position. Good luck!
Measured from where your music would rest, just under 3' 6", top of stand is 4' 5". We extended it as far a possible, and yet keep it stable. There is no stop on it. So, you can pull the whole thing out of the base.
No. This stand is not that kind of portable. If you want to stand that is as close as you can possibly get to a non-collapsible stand this is what you want. But I highly doubt you'll find a bag for it.
Yes
fits pefectly.
Nope .This case is for semi hollows only , I have an Epiphone Riviera Limited which fits perfectly . The body of the Gibson ES 125 T won't fit , hope this will help you .
Yes it will fit
As long as the dimensions are similar and it's a thin semi hollow, it should work. Biggest difference between this case and other "semi hollow" cases is the area where the head stock rests. Epiphones have larger than average head stocks so this case is made to accommodate.
Unfortunately, we cannot ship new Gibson/Epiphone products outside the United States.
There is no instruction at all. You need to figure it out yourself.
No, not on mine. The only thing that a magnet will stick to is the pole.
No, condensor microphones are needed to be powered by another source, like phantom power. There is a USB version of this product, but its more expensive
No
It depends really on the mics you're using and the mixer your using. Some mixers have switchable phantom power on each channel, so you can turn on phantom power where you need it, and turn it off where you don't need it. Others may turn on phantom power across all channels, or across a range of channels. Many microphones that don't use phantom power can ignore it, some cannot. You need to check the owners manual (or manufacturer websites) for each of the mics you're using to find out. Another solution would be to use a mic preamp which offers phantom power. Besides separating out phantom power only where you need it, a seperate mic preamp is often going to be better than the preamps used in most mixers. For home recording projects I like to use an ART Tube MP : http://www.amazon.com/ART-Tube-Studio-Mic-Preamp/dp/B0002E50MC/ (inexpensive and works well), or a Presonus TubePre http://www.amazon.com/PreSonus-TUBEPRE-Mono-Tube-Mic/dp/B0002D0KG4/ . The Presonus sounds richer to me, but the ART works pretty well and has the advantage of being really affordable. Unless you're running through a really good mixer with great built-in mic preamps, for vocals through a condenser mic, I think a separate preamp is a better way to go.
It would work--but I don't think you will be pleased with the results, unless you have a really well treated recording area. The 990 is a great mic for vocals--it is a very sensitive large condenser mic and will pick up a lot of things you more than likely don't want in your recording. I think you would be better off with a small condenser, mic with a much tighter pick-up attern. There are several, both MXL and other great names in mice for about the same price point. Hope that helps.
I use this mic for live performan and vocals in the studio
It will hold anything from a mandolin to a 6-string bass, depending on how you adjust the forks.
Simply stated, yes. It provides a very secure cradle with protected brackets which should not mark the instrument. The device needs to be properly secured on the wall and preferably into a wall stud to be fail safe.
Mine came with 2 screws and 2 drywall anchors. Just gotta provide a cross tip screwdriver.
Yes, most likely. If the gun is hung by the stock. Or you could maybe also use two mounts and have the gun hang horizontal.
So far so good. in my research I have not heard of any such problems, including discussions on the Unofficial Martin Guitar Forum. All my guitars are nitrocellulose finished and each is OK after about 2 months.
It fits POD HD 500. If the dimensions are the same as the 300 I guess it does .
You'll want to measure the Korg, but I think it will, though I also think it'd be a bit tight fit.
Yes it will ---
Yes, it fits! I have the ME-80, and while there's a little extra room, it fits snugly enough. The spec page at the Boss website says the ME-80 is 17.625" x 9.125" x 2.8125", which is well within the 22.5" x 11.5" x 4" dimensions of this bag. See the spec page here: http://www.bossus.com/gear/productdetails.php?ProductId=1309
Not sure. I can only speak for the Line6 XT Live, which fits quite well. If the dimensions are similar, then it will fit in this Gator bag. There should be room in the front pocket for the power cord (even if it has a transformer on in), plus an couple of instrument cables and an in-ears monitor case. At least, that's what's in mine.
Interior Dimensions Interior Length: 22.50 " Interior Width: 11.50 " Interior Height: 4.00 "
If the dimensions of the SA-76 are 22.5" x 11.5" x 4" or smaller, it should fit. The inside of the Gator Case is just a large padded rectangular space.
Yes, but you'll need to stretch it a little bit to get over the body and not just the mics
Yes, but it takes some effort to get it on. I posted a picture that should go live on the product page soon.
Not sure what h2n zoom is. But I'm happy with mine.
It should fit just fine on there, Geno. If anything, the slim design of the Pyle Pro may offer a little more wiggle room than the snug fit of a standard ball-type mic top.
It does for the most part, it definitely helps a ton.
The hole opening is 2" by 2". A bit big for what you are looking for.
yes it will fit , but not perfectly because your mic style is round , but it will work.
No, I believe Jasmine is now a separate company who like Takamine is owned by kmc music.
No. But it is not as big as a dreadnought guitar. Its closest to the 'Grand concert' shape. In my opinion, it is a good balance of warm tone, volume and articulation. This plays good for both picking and chord playing.
The back is flat, the sides are as shown in the picture.
Jasmine S34 have metal strigns. It's an acoustic guitar.
yes
Yes
This is an extremely thin Microphone clip. I doest not fit any of my regular sized mics. It is "Euro Style" which means it won't fit your regular microphone.
All I can say is that this mic clip is super thin. Did not fit my cordless mic but it barely fit the bottom of my regular corded mic.
Yes! That's the microphone brand I have and they work well.
I'm not sure i was using.the cloth for sweat on.a guitar and it worked.good for that
my guitar has a beautiful finish that I'm very protective of, I've had no problems. But it is more of a car-like clearcoat type finish; not sure how it would handle more of a matted/enamel type finish if that's what your piano has.
I purchased this as a gift, so I can only assume it works fine. Sorry I can't be more help.
This fits all Boss pedals, as well as 99.99% of other pedals.
No, not the correct power source for Line 6. Most Line 6 pod type effects require AC power. This is for DC.
I do not see why not. Just daisy chains a number of devices if you have a transformer that is powerful enough to drive more than one connection. I don't have the specifics of what you're hooking up other than the Korg. I take it you're trying to connect a number of devices with this cord and an existing transformer. On the transformer you should have the amperage. If I was hooking up multiple devices I would worry more about that aspect. Each device will draw power and the transformer needs to be powerful enough.
I'm not quite sure what you mean by a 150 milli amp plug, but I'll give it a shot. This physically fits most standard guitar/bass stomp boxes. It is quite capable of supplying more than 150 milli amps of current. If your device requires a non-standard plug size, you will have to find an adapter to make it fit properly.
The more you have plugged in the more noise you'll get through the chain. I would recommend a dedicated power supply like the Voodoo.
It does not come with a power supply, but one end of the cable plugs in to a standard 9 volt power supply cable.
This is very subjective, and also varies from one instrument to another. In general, avoid light gauge strings if your after "warm low mellow". Try D'Adario "bluegrass" strings - they sound great on some guitars, particularly for pickers.
Richard, Congrats on the purchase, I know you might be a little angry at the moment due to the (lack of) performance of the instrument. Don't sweat it, with a little patience you can make this cheapie mandolin sound pretty darn good. By design these mandolins don't come setup right out of the box - thats probably why they are so cheap. It's tough to say without actually seeing and hearing the problem, but based on your description (thumping, dead, kind of plucky top G) I would have to assume something is wrong with the nut, bridge, or tailpiece. The nut is the white (in your case plastic) piece where the headstock meets the fretboard. Check out the grooves in which the strings sit - if the offending string seems higher or deeper in a groove, thats your problem. If it sits too high (which is what I suspect) take a very thin file, the thickness of the string if you have it, and incrementally remove material from the groove until the string rings true. If it sits too low, you'll need to add material, which can be tricky. I've never done it personally, but I believe if you make a mix of plastic (file shavings - powder) and superglue, it should act as a quick fix to fill the nut, then file it down as needed. If thats not the case, look at the bridge - make sure the strings are in the precut designated grooves of the bridge, and the bridge height is uniform across all of the strings, the bridge is not angled, and lies straight across the top. Lastly, just take the metal tailpiece off and try playing. Sometimes the metal of the tailpiece actually touches the strings and makes them buzz - or worse mutes them. Some mandolinists just chuck the tailpiece, but I prefer to add a piece of cloth or leather where the strings meet the metal. Regardless of the issue, I recommend switching out the Rouge stock strings. I use these on all my mandolins: http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-J74-Mandolin-Strings-Phosphor/dp/B000EEHMXA But strings are a matter of personal preference, so take that with a grain of salt As you might be able to infer, a lot can go wrong with a mandolin setup, such is the curse of floating bridge instruments. If you find yourself stuck down in the weeds, Rob Meldrum put together a free ebook. Just email him asking about mandolin setup and he'll send it to you for free: rob.meldrum@gmail.com If you aren't comfortable toying with the setup, or just don't have the time, go to your local music shop and ask for a setup. They should be able to take care of all of this for you for about $40ish bucks Shoot me another note if you have further questions, this stuff can get a little confusing. Good luck, Matt
No, I would never take the pick guard off of this mandolin. Without it, picking would wear through the wood. I still play this mandolin untill this day, and I actually never have problems with it. I was being critical when I said it buzzes when I strum hard.
There is a pin on the bottom to attach a strap but you would need narrow leather strip or something like a shoelace for the upper end.
No, they are there to protect the finish.
http://imgur.com/a/WRgy7
Yes, the little mic stand that goes with the mic. I don't have the mic shown in this picture. I have the Yeti mic that looks like a rocket with its own stand. "The Pop" does not fit well on it. I never use it and use a thick old wool sock instead!!
I used the Campro Blue Yeti shock mount.
yes it does, it's what I have actually. I think it's probably the only one that could actually fit into it as it actually fits in where it is supposed to screw in.
I'm sure a regular pop filter will serve you well, but the pop is very nice and versatile and it helps keep those aggressive clients off the mic.
From the YouTube reviews i have watched, it works better with the Snowball than with the Yeti.
yes they sound very good on a dreadnought, they are very sturdy and have a unique sound.
No, but DR makes colored strings.
I am not sure if they will fit. I will tell you what I believe to be the pros and cons. I am a Guitar tech, have built many custom Guitars and am a former Q.C. inspector for Guild Guitar and a Fender Gold tech. The pros. These pins are very well made. Nice inlay and the Monte Carlo pattern are great to grip to get the pin out. The brass does help the sustain. I use DR Black Beauty Acoustic strings which are a coated string and thought putting them on a Acoustic the sound would sound flat or muffled. These pins give even a coated string incredible sound.(that is the response of people who hear the guitar without me even asking). The cons. They fit a lot of guitars loosely. I had to use a quick wrap of scotch tape for them to not pop out. The slight bit of tape did not alter the sound at all. As I have read a lot of reviews about these pins you may have to do the same thing. That would be up to you. Hope I have given you some insight and was of help. Have a good one, and Rock On. Capt. Jack
From my experience, they should fit any guitar which has typical bridge pins -- they aren't build for any specific make/model of guitar.
yes
i had HUGE noise problems - to the point that i actually bought a noise gate pedal (gibson SG with P90 single coils through a cranked vox AC30, several FX pedals in between, including a germanium treble boost), and this did solve my noise problems. no guarantee it'll solve yours, though.
Yes. There are specific ports (Ports 5 and 6) that can be set up using dip switches on the PP2+ that will power your DL4 with no issues. Only ports 5 and 6 will work, and you must set the dip switches to the "on" position, but it will work. Voodoo Labs has excellent support too, so if you have any concerns, I'm sure they will help you out.
You can power it on the 5th or 6th output spot, but don't forget to move the dip switch away from the normal position.
On any of the 9v ports, yes.
No, once plugged in, it's on. No switch to turn it off.
Yes. I have used this mute on 1/2 size, 3/4 size, and full sized violins, all with excellent results.
I ordered this for my full violin. It did not work. I was extremely disappointed because I love to practice at night and needed something that would keep me from disturbing my family. I showed my instructor what I had purchased (classically/Suzuki trained person that I am taking lessons from) and they also agreed that it does not work. I ended up borrowing a mute from my instructor as a comparison. She has a solid weighted mute (very nice). Works much better. In the end, better to take advice from an expert and order what they recommend.
Dip it in a frankincense and myrrh rub and let it set. Then use it later
Um, I dont think so. Because, as you can see in the picture, there are only 4 slots for strings.
Not sure. I would try it before buying in a regular store then you would know. Or through Amazon and if not right, then send it back. Try going to manufacturer of the item and see what they recommend. I only play a 4/4 violin full size when I get around to it
I do not think the Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute will work on a Mandolin. Violin have only four strings, a Mandolin has eight, plus Mandolin Bridges are wider and have a curve that is not the same as a violin. Experiment with wooden clothes pins on the bridge or soft sponges under the strings next to the bridge. Good luck.
Yes
No
Yea it does
yes...
Yes, use the RCA jacks on the front panel to play mp3's
I would say yes, unless you are in a band that wants to blare the windows out.
It's an industry standard mic stand with a standard screw in top. If your mic has an industry standard screw hole in the bottom, then it will fit.
Yes, as long as you have the microphone in an upright position as opposed to a 90 degree (L shaped) position. This pedestal stand will work just fine with larger mics as long as you use common sense regarding center of gravity and weight distribution issues.
Yes, if the microphone has a standard screw type shaft.
The AT2020 mic is the very microphone I purchased this stand for. Simply unscrew and remove the 5/8"-27 to 3/8"-16 adapter that comes preinstalled and it will screw right onto the stand.
Yes, it will hold a Shure SM7b! I own a collection of mics a bit heavier than the sm7b and it holds it just fine. No issues.
I'm not positive, but it is a standard microphone setup, so I'd say it will work. I'm not familiar with that mic though. Hope this helps
It's a mic stand. It's got a standard 5/8 threaded mounting configuration like all mic stands. The shaft is adjustable upwards from the image of the item. If your issue is the stability of the item, the base weighs about 2 pounds, and seems quite stable, especially at the lowest height setting. It would take quite of bit of weight and a lot of leverage to tip this over IMO.
If it has a standard mic thread it should. I use mine with a boom and an Oktava without any issues.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
This is a sturdy stand, but 12 lbs may be better used on a tripod where you can apply a leg to the side where the weight is.
No
It sure should be. Unless you bought just the base (rather than the stand) it should all be a functional unit. I'd contact the vendor, as this sounds like a very screwy error.
Yes, but you will need an adapter to fit the RAT's 3.5mm power input. It is correctly oriented in terms of tip and ring. Just look for an adapter to the 1Spot's 1/8th inch output.
Yes and it sounds pretty good but it definitely has that Rat character. I really like the Hardwire Valve Distortion for my bass.
Hi Mark, Please explain what you mean by, "True Bypass". When you press on the pedal, it gives you an awesome distortion effect that you are looking for. This rat pedal is my second rat pedal. The first one was from the earlier generation. If you want distortion, then you should get it. Thanks, Dave
This is a treatment for the fretboard, not the strings. There are other solutions available for cleaning and lubricating your strings.
Sure, most classical guitars have rosewood fretboards, directions say to stay away from maple fretboards only.
YES, NOT FOR MAPPLE
yes but not as many as .70 mm picks. for me it can hold about 9 of those. for you it might hold 6 or 7 but I'm really not sure
It has adhesive on the back. It would if it is a leather strap. The cloth ones the adhesive may not stick to. It is like a sticker but heavy duty sticky bottom.
Sure will!
they do, but you need to force them in order to fit. I recommend a smaller size
yes, great for practicing in a small area, like bedroom. My son was happy with it so far. Good battery life so far.
You need to plug the guitar into the amp... so yes, but only if your acoustic guitar has an output on it. Most do not.
Don't know. Bought it for my grand daughter and she tells me it quit working a while ago.
No. Also the battery that comes with it works for all of 5 minutes. Buy some batteries
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
Yes they are
If the string failed due to age and normal wear from usage, then replace them all since many times a new string will not match intonation with the old ones. If , however, it failed due to over tightening or a kink and the set is relatively new, then you may be okay with replacing only the one string.
Yes, they do have a ball end, but the winding is such that they will fit into your fine tuner, at least they did on my violin which has 4 fine tuners on it.
The pedal has reversible polarity, so it will work with all keyboards.
Either should work. Same maker means polarity should match. M-Audio makes a smooth, real-feel pedal.
I have the Casio WK-210, and when connected to it the pedal works as expected.
Yes it works with just about any keyboard!
It's a bit too slow of a pedal for hi-hat usage.
I can't answer that specifically, but I went with the phrase "The SP-2 is a universal sustain pedal with polarity switch for compatibility with all electronic keyboards." I tried it and it works perfectly. Just plug it in. It really is so much nicer than the clunky one that came with the piano.
No, it does not.
Yes. I bought some that I plan on putting on.
If that is a rod that is in the neck of a steal string guitar the answer is yes I beleive so. When I inquired about putting nylon strings on it the guy in the store said no can do. I believe this is bc of a truss rod. Hope this helps. It's a sweet little guitar.
If memory serves the sound hole is normal, or close to normal, so you couod use about any soundhole pickup. Not sure what it would sound like.....
It is not
That depends on exactly how you want to use it. This mic will require some sort of interface and that is what will need to be compatable with Windows 8 (which is likely it will be). This will not plug into a regular sound card as it requires an XLR jack. You can buy XLR to TRS converters as well as USB converters. However, this mic comes in a USB version. It would work excelent as a Blog Caster's mic. Windows 8 most certainly has generic drivers that would work with it. ASIO4ALL is a good generic open source driver available free (search ASIO4ALL, you can't miss it). So if you want to plug directly into your computer this mic will be problematic without other appropreate equipement. The AT2020USB will plug directly into a USB port and any audio software should see it as an available input.
If you use a conversion box, yes. This specific model uses an XLR interface because it requires phantom power (three prong, cylindrical shape). You can spend about $100 on a usb conversion box and use this model. I Use an AKAI professional ($250+) which can handle up to 4 mics and 4 outputs ALONG WITH the usb cable. All that said, you can bypass the whole thing and buy an "AT2020 USB". It hooks directly up to the laptop and there's no other equipment to buy. Warning: If you use an AT2020 USB, it will eat up your battery life, you NEED to have your machine plugged in to use it for a long duration. Reason is: the mic takes about 40 volts of power and audio recording and engineering is a processor intensive task (more CPU work = more power being consumed), it also takes a lot of memory so your HDD will be running non stop. If you're using this for fun, get the USB and save the money. If you're looking to get into more serious work, use the XLR as it's compatible with more high end equipment.
I would imagine it could be but I've never used it for something like that. Condenser mics are less robust than dynamic mics so if you are rough with them they break a lot easier but they do pick up a lot more. So it might be good for choir and instruments but it also might be prone to feeding back since it's more sensitive, you would have to take care with the volume levels. Again I've never used it live so I'm sorry I can't conclusively answer your question.
The mic comes with a pretty decent mount which should fit most general mic stands. You could invest in a shockmount and a general mic stand. As for a cable, I would get a planet waves XLR cable. You can get any type of XLR but I just like planet waves, they are a great company that make good, sturdy cables. This is a good shockmount that should fit your mic http://www.amazon.com/Samson-Technologies-SP01-Spider-Shockmount/dp/B000LQLDM2 It's a great mic, enjoy it!!
Sorry... can't help. They never responded to me either. Ours was fried on arrival. They're completely unresponsive.
this item comes with a built in timer I don't think you could attach a timer to it you might need a bigger machine that would be adaptable.
I have found that as long as you keep your stand in a normal temperature range setting, the rubber material will be okay. However, if you place a guitar aboard and leave it for months without touching it, you may find that the rubber material will transfer to the guitar. But I have also had that occur with very good quality wall mounts. An expensive guitar? I would definitely keep cased until play.
There wasn't any for mine. It looks like they are held in place by gravity by the angle in which it attaches. Since I keep the stand stationary, it hasn't been a problem at all.
Yes, this stand can hold up just about any guitar. I have both an electric bass and a regular acoustic guitar. The neck of the stand is adjustable depending on how high you'd want it or how long the neck of the guitar is. It supports both of my bass and guitar perfectly, so I'm more than sure it'll support a 1/2 sized guitar.
You mean a junior sized guitar? It will hold any guitar with a width of 7-8 inches. So I believe a kids guitar would work just fine. If not its pretty easy to return.
Yes
Yes, I have the Performance as well. No issues with either capo. I often use Newport on my Tele American Standard...C shaped neck with a 9.5 radius, and my Martin OM-18V. Sounds best on the Martin, though just as brilliant on the Tele...same as the Performance. Performance also works fine on my Epi Casino (Elite)..no issues there either.
Yes the item number is G7C-P2SILV. Meaning Performance 2.
Does not come with a case.
It is very easy to use and reliable. Every one who sees it and borrows it loves it. Sturdy as well.
i know so ! it would work good with it ! here go view this on youtube and you will see what i mean http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcouSMKd_qY
I don't see why not if you have an adapter for your computers mic jack
I don't have the answer I use it with the PA system it works perfect with the system.
This is the best mic that I have used. I think it will do a good job for you and help your problem
I don't know. It didn"t work for very long. It has to be really close to your mouth. It has to plug in to a 1/4 inch phone jack outlet like on my Newcomb turntable.
You can't connect a 1/4" pin connector to the ipad. You have 2 options, 1. To find a 1/4" to 1/8" connector converter, or 2 Use only the lavalier cable directly on ipad since it 1/8" pin connector, but this would mean the whole wireless system would be useless. There are bluetooth earpieces and headset that would work better on your ipad.
yes, it does, but I tried different batteries, but still not turning on the light and not working the main part.
Yes. Great mic for an affordable price. If you have a mic pre it makes it even better.
I think you would find this mic to be fairly spectacular for that type of recording application. I would suggest using the "flat response" position of the switch on the side of the mic and then EQ as needed.
Yes it's standard xlr and it requires 48 volt phantom power I recommend the behringer 802 to go with this mic
When you ask for "Live" what do you mean? All my vocalist sing live in the studio. Is it a good onstage Microphone I would say yes for the money it's fantastic. So I am not sure the specific application you are looking to use it for?
yes it will
exact fit, just different gear ratio.
I bought them for an acoustic guitar. I called the manufacturer and they told me what grovers to get for my year and model guitar. I would try calling Gibson and they should be able to tell you what model to get.
I think I needed a 25/64 bit to install on mt Tak. If you love love love your guitar, have a tech install them.
Call Epiphone for the specs.
Make sure the holes where the tuner posts will go are the same size. They should fit. Otherwise if the holes are too small you'll have to drill them bigger. If the holes are too big, you'll have to buy spacers. I hope that answers your question.
yes. I always replace the factory, made in china tuners when I get a new guitar. These are the best. Good luck.
Yes it could but I would not recommend it, it would be too unstable. Thanks Carmen.
Yes
The stand is adjustable to just about any size keyboard.
Yes
If I remember correctly, the answer is no!
We only ship to the U.S. and her protectorates. Sorry Rafael.
No
yes, my package had two.
I didn't install these on an acoustic. But based on my experience on 4 electric guitars, it'd be the same deal. Just reuse the original #6 screw if possible, otherwise, your might need to get a #8 screw from hardware store then modify the #8 screw as well as the Schaller strap pin. Let me know if you need more information regarding modification of #8 screw
Yes! Simply unscrew the microphone from the default Blue Yeti base and then screw it onto the Mic Stand
Although we are using it for a podcast, the arm swings around so that you are not moving it all the time. But it is not heavy at all either. I am a woman and I move it all the time. Great microphone with excellent clarity. Hope this helps....
Five pounds would be a lot of weight for this stand. The boom will hold it, but if it's not balanced right you might have a problem. On the other hand. if you extended the boom directly over one of the tripod feet, it most likely wouldn't tip over. My recommendation is that if you have a five pound microphone, you should get a heavier stand than this one.
Hello M. Person. Unscrew the center clutch assembly all the way and pull up the screw collar. you should have a 2 plastic sleeves, the bottom piece which is about a inch long, should be sitting in the lower stand assembly about 3/4 of the way in. The second top collar which is about a 1/4 inch long should be sitting on top of the other one. If you don't see the top plastic ring check to see if it is lodged up in the screw collar. Try re seating the plastic rings and make sure not to cross thread the screw collar when tightening. Hope this helps.
Yes it will work. . It fits all of my Mic holders and shock Mounts
yes the blue snowball has a 5/8 thread on the bottom and the stand will support the weight of the mic i just receive the stand today and it works great
yes it does. we have the yeti condenser mic and it works.
If you already have an amp, you'll need a 9V battery and possibly another guitar cable. Hope this helps-not a bad distortion pedal for the money.
If by daisy chain you mean stack these pedals with other drive/distortion/boost pedals for more gain, then yes. I've used this with the Fab OD1 stacked as well as with the distortions on a multi fx pedal and it worked well.
Sorry for the late response. Just tried it with a bass and bass amp. It's functional, there was some ground buzz when I turned the level up. Probably because of my setup. I don't know if you'll get that Metallica sound, but the pedal definitely works.
No you may want to buy a 12v adapter but that's easy to find from anywhere. Anyone should fit. You will need a 9v battery for now but that's it. They don't last long so I bought an adapter after
Go on YouTube and watch a couple demo videos because it make a story of different settings. You could probably achieve your fuzz sound if you want. For specifics watch a couple videos
It should work with any guitar that has strap studs. These are the little chrome knobs at the bottom and usually the top of the guitar body. You must have 2 studs to use this strap.
The strap is adjustable. I think it should work, but can't say for sure on someone that small.
There are two - (2) sides to a guitar strap. One side has a buckle that you can use to adjust the length of the strap to your "size". The end with the buckle should be attached to the strap button located at the base of the guitar. The other end of the strap should attach to the strap button at or near where the guitar neck meets the guitar body. If you are playing an acoustic guitar with no strap button in this location, take a short piece of string and run it through the hole on the strap. Then run the string through the area above the nut and before the first set of tuning pegs at the head of the guitar. You can tie the strap to the neck of the guitar at the headstock by tying a knot into the string. Hope this helps.
I could possibly see a young teen using it, but I think it's too big for anyone under (probably) age 13. I don't know that it would go small enough to properly fit a small kid.
That is 1 solution for you and should work fine. I purchased an endpin from my music shop and drilled the guitar on the heel but if you do not wish to drill your instrument use the strap butt.
It should fit just fine. Its a decent durable strap.
I think so, it has the adjustable buckle. But it depends if your mandolin has the knots so you can fit the strap on it! Hope this helps!!
I have used my Hercules for a uke and it fits pretty well. (Maybe a hair wide, but doable.) The only thing I have ever seen the Hercules struggle with, but it still works, is a 12 string or a classical guitar. I now have my uke on a standard String Swing, which will not support a classical (2 inch neck). That works great and is a little cheaper, but NOT as secure in the least.
The width of the neck oepning is foam padded and 2 and 1/4 inches. So while your neck is undoubtedly more narrow than that, it depends on the head of the instrument and wether or not it will rest on the pads. The only othervthing I might mention is the guards which pull down and hold the instrument from falling out are spring loaded and pull doan from the weight of the instrument. I would think a banjo or a mandolin would weigh enough to trip the levers....not sure about a violin. But I think a violin is too narrow at the neck and head, anyway. Greg
Yes it works OK with a uke (just tried it) , but it does have that bow attachment that would be rendered useless.
The legs stay in place unless you put pressure on them to move them so there is no problem with the legs collapsing.
Yes it will work
This stand holds my violins and mandolins. It might fit a viola but not a cello. I recommend you to see whether they make a larger one. I find it rugged enough for my purposes and am quite satisfied with it.
Oh, I see where the confusion is...the stand is adjustable and fits a violin OR a viola.
I am not familiar with Blue snowball but this thing is pretty strong. I would guess it is strong enough & the price is great.
You must have the proper clip. All clips fit this boom.
This boom is meant to be screwed onto a mic stand. Get a desktop mic stand to use with it. The opposite end will need a mic clip to hold the microphone.
Yes, it says "On Stage Stands" in white on the knob itself. This item stopped my heavy Shure 55SH Elvis Presley type mic from slipping since the teeth grip each other with the tightening knob.
The one that I received from Amazon is not like in the photo. Mine has a small round knob on the extension. The knob at the elbow looks to be like the photo. I don't have any complaints about it.
Yes
Phospher bronze are fairly even toned. No extreme highs or lows Nice and even
When a harmonica leaks air, it not only takes more wind, it is not putting the air where it belongs. It's a mark of poor craftsmanship. If you hear air get a different harmonica.
Yes, It includes keys A, B, C, D, E, F, G.
No it doesn't.
No it does not but you can get a wall wart or power source for one just about any place. I went to Good Will store and found one for .99 cents and it works just fine. You just have to be careful not to get the polarity reversed as the negative is the inside pole and it should be 9 volt direct current with a correct size or snug fitting plug.If you don't want to go on a scavenger hunt I would recommend buying one through this site.
Yes, if it is a simple monaural microphone (like a dynamic mic) that does not need a power source from the device to which it is connected. Since this little amp is intended for guitars, its jack is monaural 1/4 inch. Very inexpensive microphones will probably just have an 1/8 plug in which case you will need an adapter.
Yes
Yes. But only for practicing. Can clip it to you belt and practice anywhere.
No, it wouldn't make a good vocal amp for a couple of reasons: 1) It's intended for use as a guitar amplifier, which requires an electrical pulse. So you'd have to have an active (powered) microphone to register (I've tried it on passive microphones with no audio results) 2) The sound doesn't provide accurate rendition of voice. It's too "electrical" and "tinny". It's fine as a practice amp for guitar... because precise sound rendition isn't necessary. This can be used as a special effects amp if you have an active mike, but it will sound somewhat like you're talking through a non-powered megaphone. There are better portable voice amplifiers on Amazon though. Check through my reviews (warning, lengthy check there); I reviewed one hip-amp that works pretty well with voice and costs under $20.
I had never tried it and was inclined to think it wouldn't work very well but I plugged my P-Bass into it and it actually sounded pretty good. Definitely doesn't have the punch of a bass amp but would be fine for practice work or just noodling around without vibrating the whole house.
That is a hard question to answer requiring someone to know both amps very well. I will say this. This one is super cheap and is not really an amp but more of a practice tool when you require a cheap and small way to practice on the fly or in the bedroom. It is not loud, amazing or incredible in any way but it is far beyond acceptable for solo practicing at the price point and therefore hard to beat for the same price. But after having a look at the bacon and eggs amp, I would go with that instead as it has a dual purpose and can be used like a pedal. My guess is it will be close to the honeytone amp if you keep your expectations realistic. They are both for solo practice only it would seem. But hold on because it seems according to a few reviews that the bacon and eggs amp does not permit the distortion to be turned off and the volume can't be lowered or so reviews state but those could be wrong. If they are correct, then go with the honeytone amp. Good luck!
No it does not but you can get a wall wart or power source for one just about any place. I went to Good Will store and found one for .99 cents and it works just fine. You just have to be careful not to get the polarity reversed as the negative is the inside pole and it should be 9 volt direct current with a correct size or snug fitting plug.If you don't want to go on a scavenger hunt I would recommend buying one through this site.
Yes, if it is a simple monaural microphone (like a dynamic mic) that does not need a power source from the device to which it is connected. Since this little amp is intended for guitars, its jack is monaural 1/4 inch. Very inexpensive microphones will probably just have an 1/8 plug in which case you will need an adapter.
Yes
Yes. But only for practicing. Can clip it to you belt and practice anywhere.
No, it wouldn't make a good vocal amp for a couple of reasons: 1) It's intended for use as a guitar amplifier, which requires an electrical pulse. So you'd have to have an active (powered) microphone to register (I've tried it on passive microphones with no audio results) 2) The sound doesn't provide accurate rendition of voice. It's too "electrical" and "tinny". It's fine as a practice amp for guitar... because precise sound rendition isn't necessary. This can be used as a special effects amp if you have an active mike, but it will sound somewhat like you're talking through a non-powered megaphone. There are better portable voice amplifiers on Amazon though. Check through my reviews (warning, lengthy check there); I reviewed one hip-amp that works pretty well with voice and costs under $20.
I had never tried it and was inclined to think it wouldn't work very well but I plugged my P-Bass into it and it actually sounded pretty good. Definitely doesn't have the punch of a bass amp but would be fine for practice work or just noodling around without vibrating the whole house.
That is a hard question to answer requiring someone to know both amps very well. I will say this. This one is super cheap and is not really an amp but more of a practice tool when you require a cheap and small way to practice on the fly or in the bedroom. It is not loud, amazing or incredible in any way but it is far beyond acceptable for solo practicing at the price point and therefore hard to beat for the same price. But after having a look at the bacon and eggs amp, I would go with that instead as it has a dual purpose and can be used like a pedal. My guess is it will be close to the honeytone amp if you keep your expectations realistic. They are both for solo practice only it would seem. But hold on because it seems according to a few reviews that the bacon and eggs amp does not permit the distortion to be turned off and the volume can't be lowered or so reviews state but those could be wrong. If they are correct, then go with the honeytone amp. Good luck!
All tuners I know of are monophonic...they will tune one note. The korg units are not my favorites. They are not really very durable or reliable. The built in mc is pretty lame. The tuners that use vibration seem to work better for most acoustic stringed instruments.
Anything with a compatible jack it would. So yes it should.
I've not tried it but the description says, "This compact chromatic tuner supports a broad range of C1 (32.70 Hz)-C8 (4186.01 Hz), allowing speedy and high-precision tuning of wind, string, keyboard, and other instruments" so I'd think so. I have 3 for guitars and they work great for that (2 are the newer CA-1 model, which is almost the same).
Yes it does the seat comes off aand the legs fold.
yes
My granddaughter is an average 6 year old so yes, it is short enough. My husband took it out of the box but I do believe it is adjustable.
I have used mine for a 12-string Luna; the Guild should fit as well.
Honestly I do not think so. The bag was a perfect fit for my Tak Acoustic and the bass is quite a bit bigger.
Not completely certain but I am pretty sure it would be too small to fit an acoustic bass.
Yes this bag fits my daughters fg 700 and we like the quality.
It has two straps that allow you to wear it like a backpack.
I would say no. If you are checking your guitar spend the money on a hard shell case if you are carrying it on the plane with you, maybe.
Possibly a short scale bass
Yes SR (Les paul or SG type), i have a telecaster. Fits ok. The bag have a good clearence.
Sorry to say,I don't think so. It is short by one inch in width. The size of the inner of the the bag is 40 inches long, 3 inches thick by 13 inches wide. The size of the Guitar Dimensions: 38.5 x 3 x 14 inches. Hope this was of help to you.
I don't know what a mini squire is but my son has a regular sized electric guitar that fits in this, so I am assuming mini is smaller. HTH
No. They are much larger guitars that need a wider case.
Intermittent faults trigger the wiring path lights and they stay in the "faulted" state until you press the reset button. So if a short across two cable conductors presents itself to the tester while testing, another LED indicator will light up in addition to the correct cable connection path LED's, indicating not only the correct cable path but also the "short" (multiple paths indicated). The LED's stay that way until the reset button is pressed. Note that there may be additional erroneous LED's lit when each cable is first connected to the tester, so each time you insert a cable for testing you should press the reset button to ensure a clean test start.
You should be able to test cords with shorting plugs in both open and shorted conditions. I's just a question of knowing which indications to expect under which conditions. If you need to see how this will work, I suggest you use a cable with a connector cover removed to see what happens: unscrew the connector cover, plug both ends into the tester, press Reset, then briefly short the tip to the ring connectors where they're soldered, note the light configuration when you do it. Reset, and repeat, with the tip and ring shorted (simulating the switch), briefly remove the short and see which lights change. Intermittent opens from a T-R shorted condition will be more difficult to verify because no tester is designed to detect such a fault! Hope this works for you!
Yes it easily tests TR & TRS 1/4" cables. In the case of TR cables, the tester will show that the Ring & Sleeve spots on the connector are connected together on the 9 indicator LEDs. (That is true of all TR connectors.)
Yes. The height is 44" and the body at 16" at the widest (bottom) will be a perfect fit. The height at 3 3/4" per spec is also okay.
Yamaha does not list the measurements other than the neck, which is fine. Presuming you have the Yamaha, the case height from bottom of the body to top of the neck can be up to 44" (the CG101 is probably around 39-inches) and the body cannot be more than 16" across at the widest (bottom). The body depth can be 4" max. If you have a measuring tape, just verify those three measurements are equal to or lower (smaller) than the numbers above and the guitar will fit.
Yes, it has three metal bumpers on the backside and four on the bottom (when the case is placed upright).
I think it should. The case is made for regular dreadnought (DN) size guitars.
Your best bet is to measure the guitar for dimensions than cross reference this for your case. Look for a case made for that exact guitar, but I am not certain if your sons will fit.
Yes
If the Epiphone DR-100 is a standard dreadnought guitar it will fit, this case fits dreadnought style guitars. Chick with epiphone and see if it is a dreadnought or Jumbo.
Yes, according to the size specification found here: http://www.waldenguitars.com/img/pdf/Walden%20Catalog.pdf on page 4 listed as a Dreadnought
Yes - but only if you mount it at the bottom so that the center of gravity does not tip the mount over. The combined weight limit of the unit is 75 lbs...
It works fine for Cisco Switches
No
No sir. That's Actually the measure of the case. My LTD measure is 39 1/2", so it fits perfect!
I believe it's similar in size to a Strat. If it is, it will fit.
It should fit. I bought one for my son's Fender Squire Strat and it fit perfectly. When I first opened the box I was a little nervous because it was considerably smaller than my old case that he was using (I had an old after market that was WAY to big). Also, it seems to allow stickers and spray paint to stick well to the outside. Kids, hmff!
yes
Yes it will.
I don't know why Amazon shows the shipping box dimensions as the case dimensions, they make it extremely hard for dealers to correct it also, which doesn't help either, I recommend buyers contact the seller first to ask for interior dimensions on cases, we are happy to provide that info, we have spent hours on the phone with Amazon just to resolve ONE product issue, they really need to update their system to make it easier for sellers to provide corrected info, again keep in mind the product dimensions shown is usually for the shipping box and not the item itself, sorry you had any issues.
Yes
Yes but the first thing to understand is that the inputs are 1/4 mono phone (not phono) high impedance jacks. Most consumer and some specialized professional mics feature a 1/8" Phone plug, so you would need to obtain an adapter. A stereo one will work fine, because the center pole is simply common or not used in tis type of input. See http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-MHE310-Headphone-Adapter-10-Feet/dp/B00BGDMIOG/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1396455476&sr=8-3&keywords=1%2F8%22+to+1%2F4%22+phone+plug Now, some older, semi-pro Mics by Sure, AV, etc.(and many new cheap consumer Mics for Karaoke machines, etc.), come ready to go, with a 1/4" plug or 1/8" to 1/4" adapter included. See http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATR-1100-Unidirectional-Instrument-Microphone/dp/B002HJ61PK/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1396455714&sr=8-2&keywords=karaoke+microphone But, you can also use a professional low impedance Mic, such as a Sure SM58, which has an 3pin XLR connector, but you will need an impedance adapter. See http://www.amazon.com/CP8201-Microphone-Impedance-Matching-Transformer/dp/B0002CZYFC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1396455842&sr=8-1&keywords=low+impedance+mic+adapter Finally, with an external mixer, you could use any number of mics, or outside sends and sources from keybards and guitars, to stereo systems and more, including other higher end UHF and Digital wireless systems, which is what I do! You just to match the impedance and connections.
Yes you can. My wife uses this speaker for her Zumba classes and hooks up her iPhone to it. While it doesn;t have a dock, all you need is a 3.5mm cable (http://amzn.to/1gSwCBE) with a 3.5mm to 1/4" adapter (http://amzn.to/1iaZ7yR). Insert the small plug into your device and the large end into the AUDIO IN jack on the speaker.
using av cords you should be able to.
NO
In my opinion it is too sensitive for live performance without feedback being an issue. It is more appropriate for recording in a studio environment. Just my opinion, it may work for you.
No.
Not especially. I bought this mic, the clip broke and I have been unable to use it since without holding it. I Love Behringer products, but this is a really shoddily built mic. Id say save up a little more and get the Blu Yeti. 100x better quality and well built.
there is a youtube video about it
I'm not aware of any. I'm sure one could be fashioned to use, but you run the risk of the unit becoming unstable and damage to your other equipment should your modification fail.
The hub upon which the speaker is to be placed measures 3.5 cm (1 3/8 inches)... Measure the receptacle into which the speaker stand will go to see if it will fit... Your speaker may have ribs; if so, measure the distance between those ribs... Hope this helps... It is a nice stand for the money... Tom
You might contact Pyle to see if they sell the non-slip rubber feet or you can measure the diameter of the legs and check this site: http://www.componentforce.com/category/35/rubber-feet?gclid=CK_GpLjB07wCFSYOOgod2E4AMQ
Yes, it will work on the eon615.
Yes, it will support the Alto.
It does NOT set to a certain key to tune as it just allows to tune ALL the notes in turn. You play a note, it detects what note you are trying to play and displays it along with the needle pointing straight up if you are right on or left/right if you are low/high. As you change the tone of the instrument in tuning, the needle moves so that you can get it in tune as straight up. Thus, you tune a plethora of notes as shown on a normal piano keyboard, bottom to top. You can tune A,B,C,D,E,F,G and the sharps and flats of all the notes. I've tuned pianos, violin, and guitar with it. It also will emit a sound (that you set). That way you can tune by ear to the sound.
Sharon I hadn't really thought about that but when I read your question I took it out of the box & turned it on. I made sounds as singing different notes and the hand started going to different notes and working. It did just like when I used it to tune my violin. I hope this helps you.
I have not tried to use the Korg for Voice - I have Cats and Dogs here and I'd rather not frighten them by trying to sing . Sorry I can't help ~ !!
You can't tune a harmonica, but you can tuna fish.
You can set the response according to Hz and then it shows the keys
Yes. I've used it tune a couple of pianos, my violin, and my guitar. It works great. But don't forget to push the buttons and make sure it is calibrated to 440 Hz (I made that mistake). I also bought the microphone. I think it helps to screen out background noise.
It has an output but I think you'd need a headphone jack adapter. The output is too big for regular headphones. I haven't tried connecting my headphones with the adapter yet.
that is a good question,since it will read all stringed instruments yes it should.
Yes, it should work on any stringed instrument, including a piano. However, tuning a piano is difficult, and best left to a professional tuner. But tuning a guitar or ukulele is quite easy.
It should be able to tune anything. It tells you the note it is "hearing" relative to A440 concert pitch that orcestras tune to. If you play a trnsposing instrument like a clarinet or sax, you need to make the adjustment yourself, just as you would when playing with an orchestra or band. I hope tis helps.
Yes it has a microphone built in...
Yes you can. If the 12th fret is sharp then turn the screw to the right. If flat, turn left until it in perfect tuning or close to it. I use a Babicz's bridge and Gotoh head stock tuners. This improves the tuning and intonation quite a bit. It's very easy to check the intonation with a Babicz's bridge. It has cams instead of set screws and a string saddle. Hope this helped!
Yes it is; with the available flat/sharp/440 pitch indicator...and a "flat" select button for what you are specifically asking about!! Great product - good luck.
No. Just secure with the traditional wrap.
I don't see why not
The title needs to say 3 sets despite of the image. A single set would be around $6-7 while three sets would be around $14-15.
No they don't. Majority of the time nylon strings do not have ball ends
Its a little bigger Bit Anyways shoud fix if you know how ti adjust ir there.is a tool you.can. cut ir so make ir shorter. But i suggest test it first and then decide ir ir fix or to cut ir.
If the instrument does not have a mounting stud then one would be needed. Our mandolin already had one so we did not need to instal one. Our ukulele does not have a mounting stud and we have not used the strap with it.
As long as there is a space for a shoestring to pass through the space above the nut, the strap should work.
We have purchased several of these and did not experience any missing parts
hi sam, lemon oil is the way to go. scott Also music nomad guitar polish works well for the rest of the guitar.
Yes
Only the body, for everything else you'll have to buy something different I recommend the Dunlop cleaning kit bundle comes with everything you might want for about $20 dollars
Yes
Hello, In my opinion no, it would seem that a soft cloth that's not abrasive should clean it, maybe a little window cleaner on the cloth.
Hello, I've used on my new guitar, but I'm not sure if this will clean up wax. Try google for that information. Thanks,Leo.
absolutely! Just remember, don't spray directly onto the wood, spray onto the cloth liberally instead.
I've used it with several makes and models. Works just fine
Yes it should fit swimmingly
My guess is as long as it is not one of those cheaply made dollar store kazoo's it will work just fine.
Heart of Gold is in the key of G...Neil Young's tunes go from a onward, depending on the tune.
No
NO.
With a tape measurer the harmonica holder will fit a harmonica that is 4.25 inches comfortably. My golden melody has less than 3/8 room to adjust from left to right when i set it in. Hopefully this was helpful. Height wise i can open it 1.5 inches when i really try to open it. I have a hohner chromatica at home, i will update when i get home.
It will support 3 pages music... will need to either fold excess of 4 pages. my guy likes this stand because good support, folds up into zipper case and lite and easy to carry.
Yes it comes in a black carrying case/bag with zippers and handles.
It guess that begs the question "how heavy?" I have actually had two 300-page fake books on mine at the same time and have had no problem. It's really a great stand and an excellent value.
Yes. The detented leg tips extend out of the main legs and are affixed via a heavy knobbed screw.Product Features Platform height adjustment: 26 - 43"; length adjustment: 29 - 43.5". You should also be able to stand and play with the leg tips extended
No does not shake, however I'm a novice piano player and 80 years old. LOL It does slip on the metal top a bit, but that can be adjusted with Velcro or some other "sticky" substance. Actually it fits my life style to a "T". Thanks for asking ......hope this helps.
Yes, it is very durable!
One-inch would be the maximum you can cut off.
i would not know that I have an 88 Keyboard hooked into my computer for Sonar Midi Software fits the table fine, you can wide it or shorten it. just look up the product manufacturer and they will answer you. I read the specs and that was all I needed. great for my floor pedals sitting down behind the keyboard all kind of leg space.
The Akai MPK88 weighs about 67lbs, that's a heavy board. While this stand is rated to handle that weight, I wouldn't use this for a board that heavy.
At just under 33lbs, I don't see any reason why this stand should not perform superbly for the Korg Krome 88. It has a simple design that let's you enjoy playing with confidence. I enjoy this stand quite a bit, and it's more affordable than other stands that may look nicer, but don't perform as well. Hope this helps.
Yes, this guitar has a solid top, (not laminated) and does have steel strings.
Yes, this guitar comes with strap buttons on it.
Yes, the following bag is great for this guitar! http://www.amazon.com/On-Stage-GBA4550-Acoustic-Guitar-Gig/dp/B001EZIEVW
Really didn't notice one, but then I live in Florida and pretty much ignore what goes on in CA.
It has 4 preset holes, giving the following stool height options: 19-3/4", 21-1/2", 23", 24-1/4" -- really nice seat.
the free shipping option applies to any orders shipping domestic, regardless if an apartment or private house.
if it is an audio technica atpl120, then it already has a phono preamp, so if you hook it up to a stereo or headphones, you should be hearing it in full volume control. so I would think just hooking it up to your headphones will give you full volume. 1980s or older turntables don't have a preamp so they relied on specially revamped phono audio hookups, but yours already is preamped so you don not need any addition preamp devices.
You can simple test your amplifier by connecting the audio output from the turntable to your power amp and see if you can control the sound volume. I suspect that you might not get any sound from the power amp even at max output power. Then you need the pre-amp to boost the signal from the turntable before connecting it to the power amp. Hope this helps.
Yes, its boost the signal from the turntable to the receiver. I had the same issue, and this solved it.
Yes. It would connect to the "aux in" connectors on the back.
Sorry, there is no such switch included. See my review posted around May 8, 2014. PAPA
You would have to have a transformer, it did not come with a 220 option. But since it is a German company, the should have that version as Germany is 220. I would recommend ask the company. They answered my question in 4 hrs.
Yes, to the best of my knowledge this will work with any phonograph that does not have a built in preamp.
Yes. Phono preamps have a specific equalization curve applied. There are also differences in the amount of amplification needed and probably the input impedance.
Yes, I have tried with Ubuntu Desktop 14.0. It found the USB audio device by itself. Michael
Don't think so. Need some kind of powered speaker. You can use an old stereo amp.
I've used it with 8.1. Can't guarantee that it'll work with your setup, and you should probably make sure you have whatever the current driver is from their website. I've used the Alpha with Reason, Sonar, and Reaper. Overall, it's an OK interface, but I've since switched to a Focusrite Scarlett, and I'm much happier with that.
As one reviewer said, these is a "legacy" interface, so I'd have doubts it would work with an IPad. It worked OK for me on Windows 7, but when I got a new Windows 8.1 laptop, it wouldn't work at all, and there are no updated drivers available on the Lexicon site. So, I'd suggest you look at another interface if you want to be sure it will work. Good luck.
Yes. It does have phantom power.
This mixer does not have sufficient mono channels for your application. Channels 2-3 and 4-5 are stereo inputs (meaning they are contolled with the same fader). Some of the larger Xenyx mixers will get you the inputs you need.... something with at least 5 distinct faders to control each instrument's mix individually. Hope this helps. :-)
All you need to do is buy some 1/4 inch to RCA plugs and plug those into the line inputs and you can plug in the line out from your piano and the line out from your laptop into the mixer. I exchanged the this model for the one with eight inputs because I wanted two microphone inputs, but it has the same kind of line inputs and I just plugged in those adapters and they did the trick. I used two RCA adapters on the mike inputs also to record some security microphones which had RCA plugs, and I used some XLR to TRS adapters to plug in my old microphones instead of buying new ones.
Yes, to an analog soundcard. All you need is a 1/8" stereo to dual-RCA cord. Mixer has both input and output RCA capability, so you could feed the output of the mixer to the line/mic of the soundcard or feed the output of the soundcard (line out/speaker out) to the input of the mixer. There is also a headphone jack on the mixer so that could also be patched back to the soundcard's line in/mic. For me, I am usually running the PC speaker out to the mixer RCA input -- the volume is controlled by the Main, and then I can either use headphones from the mixer or run the 1/4" output into my guitar amp. Hope this helps.
It powers my 990 just fine.
Yes you could...not sure about recording with that type of mic though. Maybe for a small performance or something. But again it would be better to use a studio recording microphone. that dynamic mic you would need the jack for that type of mic.
Yes, the XLR input has phantom power. It's always on. I.e. There is no switch to turn on or off the phantom power.
No. You need either a mic with a XLR connection or Hi-Z (1/4")
Yes. Mine included an AC cord and seems to work fine. I did notice on a couple of the pots that you should turn down the volume while adjusting as it sometimes gives a rather loud pop that can be very loud in headphones but once you have it stable at the level of choice, the mixer works great. Good solution at low cost for a small studio.
You could if you in put mic in 1 channel with balance all the way 1 direction, and then guitar in another channel with the balance all the way the other direction. You would then have 2 seperated mono recordings. Easily edited in recording software.
Yes you can. only 2 with Phantom power.
Yes, mine came with cable to connect to computer. This unit is designed for use with r microphones, not USB mics.
Yes, it goes like this.. Your computer (USB) to interface. From interface (left right 1/4 speaker cable output) to 1/4 line/input on this behringer mixer. Then from the mixer (output) to your subwoofer, then from subwoofer to left/right monitors.
Yes, this would definitely be one way to adapt a home theatre amplifier to allow any microphone through it using the multiple Mic inputs. It even had phantom power so it can literally handle any Mic you hook to it.
The Behringer 1202 mixer does not have equalizers on the stereo inputs. It only has them on the mic inputs. Most anything that you will use with this mixer on the stereo inputs will have its own equalizer. The mic inputs have a three band equalizer.
The Behringer Xenyx 1202 does not have the USB interface. It does have RCA jacks that interface directly to a computer sound card, or you can get a USB adapter. I have used both the Behringer UCA222 and the Dell line input of my sound card for good results with this mixer. If you would prefer, there is a version of this mixer (I believe it to be the Behringer 1204) that has the build in USB interface.
no
I am not familiar with the behringer 215d speakers, however, they appear to have a 1/4" input that you could set to line. This mixer, the BEHRINGER XENYX 1202, has 1.4" line outputs. The Speakers theoretically should work with the mixer.
You will need the correct cable to connect the sound output from your computer to this mixer. Most likely you can use the correct connection for your computer to an unbalanced 1/4" input on this mixer. For example 1/8" TRS miniplug (headphone type) split into two 1/4" connections such as this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-CMP153-Cable-Inch-Dual/dp/B000068O3C/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1411535734&sr=8-1&keywords=1%2F8%22+to+1%2F4%22+unbalanced
Yes, there are 99 effects on the mixer. I use it for karaoke and for my instruments. Here's a list of the effects. http://www.soh.cz/data_images/Image/pronajem/manual/XENYX-1202FXcz.PDF I recommend it if it's for family get togethers and parties. I really enjoy it.
I believe there is an fx knob on each channel so you can add as much or as little fx as you want. You can only use 1 setting at a time. You can't put reverb on one track and chorus on another. You get 1 fx for all the tracks.
No, you don't have to worry about using UnBalanced outputs or Inputs for that matter. But unless you're using top quality MICs like Shure and Senheisser (whick works best with Balanced cables) then you're still good to go with unbalanced connections.
I really don't know, you'd have to check your owers manual, but I don't see why not. I ordered a behringer XENYX 120FX, but I haven't taken it out of the box yet. Good luck!
No! This mixer is not powered. You need powered speakers to use this mixer..
No
Yes, it would work but if you are looking for that classic rock sound, a Dynamic mic like a Sm57-58-48 would be better.
No , its too sensitive.
I bought this microphone a few months back, I must say for the price this mic is great. I does add a bit of brightness to the overall sound quality of the vocal. I use it in my home studio since I got it and have not had any issue with it. I would recommend this microphone to anyone. Band no, recording studio yes! Great microphone for the money.
This is a great mic to use for rap and other vocals.
Most cctv mics requires 12v and have BNC or RCA plugs on them. This unit takes 1/4" plug inputs and does not provide 12v. So, to use it with cctv mics you'll need an adepter to convert the BNC or RCA plugs to 1/4" and provide some way to get 12v to the mics.
You can, however it will only play through one side of the headphone because the device only plays mono.
Not unless you used a splitter to split the steep signal.
i use this mixer for a live setup, its tiny and really simple. there is no master volume, and no eq, just individual volume knobs for each input. if you just need a simple mixer without bells and whistles this should do the trick. a friend of mine uses it in her studio as a monitoring mixer. hope that helps a bit!
I use a 12V battery (motorcycle size) to power my MX400. The battery has two tabs (a plus and a minus). I bought clips that slide onto the battery terminals. I cut the cord and plug off the power supply that comes with the MX400. I attached the plug wires to the battery clips. You just slide the bare wire tips into the clip and crimp them with a crimping tool. I forget now how to be sure you get the right wires to the right battery terminals.
The unit works only via a DC input - no normal facility for a battery. But if a battery is essential, a technician could certainly adapt a heavy duty battery and attach a chord which would power the unit. The unit is first rate, incidentally, and performs just as advertised.
Yes
Yes. That's what I own. We had 2 of the DT 770's, and 2 pair of Sony's hooked up at the same time.
The input requires a line level signal, so this would not be possible.
No. I'm not sure what you have in mind but this is strictly a booster designed to raise the signal of a guitar or keyboard before going into an amp. It is not suitable for use in any recording chain.
I don't know about recording specifically, but I can play my mandolin with just a piezo pickup into passive speakers, and it works great! No unwanted noise unless I turn the gain up all the way.
the PB100 IS a preamp. My daughter uses it with her Dean Markley ProMag Plus XM sound-hole pickup to record her guitar on her computer.
The foot switch is just an Active or Bypass switch, not a variable volume peddle. The Active volume is set by the GAIN pot, Bypass is straight through.
Nope, any 9v should work. I'm using a one spot power supply on it right now
I don't know. The PB100 provides enough boost to drive my amp properly. It solved my problem. Likely your cassette deck has a line input. Per the PB100 specs, the output impedance is 1k ohm. This would match with typical line inputs but the question is whether the PB100 has enough gain to get you a high enough recording level. Might/Might Not. Check with Behringer tech support. They may have a definite answer.
You should be able to. I have only used it to amplify the sound from my bass, but it should work.
No, I don't think that what this designed for. You need a line matching transformer, which sometimes look like a tube with an xlr on one end and a mini on the other - not to be confused with just an adapter
Yes but it doesn't have anything native to support that nor does it have anything native to not support it. The phones out are just that; so if you want to run those into a wireless transmitter, that should work.
they are both mono input only units. the MA 400 mixes two mono sources (one mic level and one line level) to a stereo headphone out. the MX400 mixes 4 mono line sources to a mono line out; i do suppose you could run the left/right sides of stereo output into two separate inputs and combine to the mono output. is that what you're asking? and the ma400 boosts the signal enough to push a pair of headphones- so the purposes of the two units are very different.
No, it wouldn't. The quality on these headphone monitors proved to be very bad in the three that I bought. I'm sure some people have had success with them, but my experience was not positive. I think you'd be better off buying more sensitive headphones if you need more volume.
The inputs are line level - which means they will work for tape decks. The signal from record players (magnetic cartridge) is pretty low, so ou will need a preamp to get good results from a record player.
I don't think this will work. From my experience, both the headphone jack and the RCA jacks act as the same output.
Yes, the two "analog mono inputs/outputs" are both pairs for making it stereo, which means, when a pair of mono outputs are being used, you're hearing stereo. Actually the left speaker is conected to the L mono connector, and the right speaker to the R mono conector. Together L and R completes an stereo field
No, not in my experience.
I wish I could help but I only use the device for connecting a tape deck to my PC for digitizing music.
EZ Drummer is one of the most real sounding Midi kits I've heard. The sounds themselves are actual drum recordings and triggered by Midi files. They also have some tweaking ability that can be edited..... like velocity and it has a humanize feature that adds randomness. If you really want to get down to extensive editing the (Superior Drummer albeit more expensive) offers more but I've found for my projects EZ Drummer fits in rather well. And if you want to, you can also create your own Midi files to trigger the kits.
I do not use Reaper but a quick scan of some forums and many do use EZ Drummer in Reaper. Any host application that utilizes Audio Unit, VST, AAX or RTAS should work fine including Reaper.
It SHOULD work with any DAW host that supports VSTI's. Toontrack has a demo on their website to download and try. That'll give you some idea if it'll work for you or not.
You need to drill stops in the head so they don't twist
Yes
I used these in a 2011 American Standard Strat and they are a direct replacement. They have the two pins that line up with two holes in the headstock under the old tuners. No screws.
You will notice that there are no fasteners. In order to fit check, you should remove one of the machine heads, (tuners) and determine that the neck head is drilled for the two hole (for pins on the locking tuner) pattern which is required to locate and mount the locking tuners to the neck. If these holes are present and the through holes are the same size, they will fit. If not you will need further preparation for the new fender locking tuners. I cannot tell you if they will work, I would have to do the same investigation myself to be sure. I hope this helps.
If the jaguar has the square two pin tuners the USA strats have and the Teles, then yes. These tuners are very specific for the 'new' tuners that Fender is putting on their USA guitars. I did see a MIM strat that had the USA square back tuners, so these are a drop in replacement. Take off one of yours, like the low E string, and take it to Guitar Center to see if it's a match. Then make them price match it. I got mine for $37.
The product is made specifically for Fender USA guitars. I tried putting it on a Squire and came to an unpleasant surprise. They should fit the '95 Stabdard just fine. A detail I didn't notice is that these are staggered.
it goes on any fender instrument. My friend put it on Fender Jaguar :) I have it on Ibanez RG. so you decide
There are two sounds possible, but you only get one or the other- so if you are asking if you can change the sound so beat one has a different sound from the other beats in a measure, no- it doesn't do that. Of the two sounds, one is rather "woody" like an old school metronome, the other is more like a "beep" but not as annoying as lots of cheap metronomes. It has a volume control too- nice touch.
Yes. Tuba might be a problem, but not violin.
The metronome has quite a prominent sound, designed to be heard while practicing a musical instrument. The toddler will definitely hear this device. Good Luck
Yes the headphone are only mono. It is for only one ear.
Looking at my metronome, I do not think it counts by 1's. :(
Yes it does.The light is on the top of the face.
Yes, this is a digital device.
Yes it does, on the side. Just fired it up a couple of hours ago. Great output for 1 watt.
I have only used it to practice with my lap steel.
We only ship within the U.S.. Sorry about that
No, it does not. You are better off going to a guitar retailer and purchasing one of a similar brand which does come with one for the same price. Best of luck.
It's a direct replacement for Martin Guitars, so 00-15M will fit these pins. I have no idea about the other bramds
What's the taper? More than likely yes. I have a 2013 Martin GP performing artist series solid rosewood and these work well. One thing to note is be aware of some tonal changes. In mine I got longer sustain, it's a tad louder, a bit punchier , and the top end and bottom end are more prominent. Hope this helps. If not ask anything and I'll get back to you.
YES! I'm so excited that it does work, a cheaper alternative to Blue's $100 option. I bought the blue spark digital about two months ago and I have been having an issue with picking up my keyboard and mouse clicks, now that I have this mount, I can put it on a stand!
I do not see that mic pictured anywhere on the web with a spider mount. I would have to guess no.
It will not, as received. If you are mechanically inclined, remove the mic locking bushing from bottom of shock mount by carefully prying it out from the bottom using a flat blade screwdriver. (Do not try to remove the bushing from MXL stand mount). Then obtain two rubber "O" rings about 7/8" inside diameter with 1/8" thickness. Stretch them, one at a time, onto the outside of bushing removed from bottom of shock mount. This acts as a spacer to take up slack when screwed onto 550. Put the 550 into mount and carefully screw the bushing (lock nut) onto mic and snug it up till mic is secure. The "O" rings should be on the outside of shock mount bottom. Be careful not to cross thread when starting to screw it on. Another way would be to put bushing through hole in bottom of mount and hold it whilst turning mic until snug. Don't forget to remove the thread adapter from stand fitting if you are using it with U.S. 5/8" stands. Works well for me.
Yes & No. Right out of the box they are not compatible. However, if you are moderately mechanically inclined, a simple operation will allow them to work perfectly, without having to buy a shock mount with that ugly squeeze clamp that fits around the body and may cost more as well. You will need a quality flat blade screw driver about 1/4" wide and on the thin side. I used the large flat one from a Leatherman Tool. You have to remove the Samson threaded mic attachment collar using a flat blade screwdriver to pry it from bottom of shock mount, working around and prying it out. Kind of like prying the lid off a paint can. There is a circular metal ring in a groove inside that keeps it from falling out. I have removed the Samson collar from bottom of several SP01's and use them with various mic's that come with a fixed stand mount. Such as, MXL , AKG Perception 100, and Groove Tube GT M11. Depending on the particular mic, you may need to use one or two approx. 13/16" I.D. X 1/8" thick O'rings as spacers with the screw on collar. If you can't get O' rings, you will need to do the same operation with the 550 stand adapter to liberate the screw on collar. The stand mount is plastic and will crack a piece around the hole when you pry out the metal collar. This does not keep you from using it if you want to, it's just that the screw collar will be separate and can be used with the SPO1 or the fixed stand adapter. It fits the 550 just right and works very well. Always be careful not to cross thread when attaching mike to stand adapter, like you would when attaching to a mike stand. If it doesn't turn freely, don't force it! Back it up until you feel the threads connect then gently screw it on and snug it up. It's very easy, but if you are mechanically challenged, I would not recommend trying it.
I have an NT2a. It does not fit. The threaded base on the shock mount is too large for the nt2a.
I play right handed and use the Qwik Tune for tuning the strings mostly, but it does not appear to be able to switch to cords for left handed playing.
Yes. This can be used without being plugged into the guitar. The microphone does not seem to be great, but will pick up the notes with it very close.
Don't know why you couldn't, the tuner just picks up the tone you play and displays what note it is and how close you are.
No
I would say that you can use this tuner on any string instrument as to tuning. Naturally the cords are for standard tuned guitars, electric or acoustic.
You're not going to damage it. Those are standard strings. I use them with all of my guitars. Trust me, you're good. If you want to ask me some questions about getting started, post your email in a response and I will happily guide you through it.
All 6 of the strings are in the pack, they just put each string into its own paper envelope for easy identification. The ball-ends aren't color-coded like D'addario. Hope this helps. :)
I have found that the Regular Slinky (yellow) is much easier to tune in Rocksmith vs the Pink Super Slinky strings. This is especially the case with the songs with alternate tuning like Drop D. The pink will often not register notes right. They are a bit harder to bend but I think easier to grab with your fingers.
Most strings will fit most scaled guitar lengths. The only thing you need be concerned about is "Intonation" and "String Height" in the changing of string gauges and different scale lengths. When you change string gauges it will require a change in string heights to accommodate the new difference in size of the string which will be a different distance from the frets. Any string will do and the Ernie Ball Regulars are an excellent choice. But, Intonation is the issue when you are dealing with any scale length. Don't want the string too forward or too back. Want it in the Sweet Spot for the best tone. So any adjustments to effect Intonation is done on the Bridge Saddle screws on most guitars and on yours, which will move that Sweet Spot forward or backward. There are sites that explain how to. Or can take it to a music place that does this type thing, which is about all of them.
Includes all 6 strings.
Works great on any electric guitar. Super thin strings easy to play. Harder to keep in tune. :)
Ernie Ball's site says good for drop D and C, but does not mention B
Yeah it has a very good sound... I use this amplifier with a piano and you just need to equalize very good LOW, MID and HIGH depending on the type of instrument you are reproducing. Of course it is small, dont think that you are going to play in a concert with a lot of people, its more like just for you and practice with your band or monitor yourself...
Yes, this amp has one input for instrument and one for a microphone. There is also an AUX input (for MP3 player for example) and all 3 can sound at the same time.
No, it is AC powered. You can get a small converter to plug in a cireret plug. It is one of the few with 2 and a 3rd possible input so it takes the place of an instrument and a mike amplifier if you sing. It has a decent sound but not anything like a big amp.
Yes. You can play any electric instrument that uses a standard 1/4" phono plug or an equivalent adapter.
no. what I do is connect my laptop to two speakers used for the pc with a usb port. I use just fairly cheap $25 speaker set and then plug in a mic to the behringer. this works fine and I get good results.
If you mean can you play your keyboard through it, yes you could, but it wouldn't have the best sound quality.
No you do not...
No, that is not normal. Mine came with a cord.
I measured the inside of the Gator GBE-DREAD acoustic guitar case as best I could, and got these measurements: Hip 16 inches Waist 12 1/2 inches Shoulder 12 1/2 inches Length 40 1/2 inches Max Depth 5 inches - deceases to 4 1/2 inches at the Shoulder Based on these, your guitar is far too wide for this case. Sorry.
Yes
It should fit okay.My Alverez acoustic is similar in size and fits nicely.
My dreadnought is a bluegridge, exact same size as my Martin. Compare the Alvarez to a Martin Dred. If it's any bigger, it won't work. I bet they're the same.
No, the bag is not that thick, only about 4 inches.
If youre using nylon strings then no. It works off a magnetic pull to vibrate it. It also wont be terribly loud without an amp but it will work.
No, he did not. Steve Rothery of Marillion use it in some of his solos.
Yeah, it's the E bow Plus...
Yes, the original Ebows had a more black in color plastic and the logo, depending upon age, was either painted in red or white.
I did a little research into the Boombox, and would say that it would not work. The Boombox doesn't have the input/outputs to use the microphone system.
I actually recieved a cord with mine, but it wasn't long enough and it all depends on where you position it plus distance? Is it right next to the mixer,etc. I recommend(Radio Shack)for a longer cord/jack! Good luck!
Don't buy these. They are terrible. And fakes.
It has worked pretty good for my church. It does the job for us.
It all depends on what inputs you have on the portable system. If you have a 1/4" input jack, you can use this microphone system.
No
well, that's more like a question to your home audio receiver. The unit has an output, obviously. It's a 1/4 inch (like a guitar) output, mono. You need to know what type of input you have, if at all. If you have an "aux" input, it may be mini stereo (1/8 inch) or RCA. Either way, you'll need to go to a radio shack (or purchase here) a cable that is "1/4 inch to (insert your input here)". Then, yes, it works. There's also some receivers that have a "microphone input" in the front, with a little volume knob - in that case, all you need is a 1/4 inch to 1/4 inch cable, and you're set. Remember, when you work with two volumes, distortion may occur if you set them wrong. I would start with the unit at 30%, then raise the volume of the receiver. If you have to raise it too much (than usual, say, a CD) then raise the unit to 50%, and start again. IF the unit's signal get into the receiver too "hot", it will distort (that's the principle behind a guitar amp's distortion, but in your cause, it won't be a pretty/pleasant distortion)
I paid a single price for 3 picks. I don't remember what the price was but the price on Amazon now sounds about right. hope this helps.
Bass banjo? AWESOME :) Hmmm. .. they work well on a Pbass. I don't have a bass banjo to try 'em on. Fingerpicks are sorta to where you have to try 'em all. I have seen these picks on Zane King's fingers, and there's this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvWr9rBawkw and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yOgTHWQAKI
These are metal and will have that metallic sound, especially on wound strings. Try Alaska picks, they are plastic and are kind of like "finger nail extenders." I've pretty much given up with picks on nylon, I just use my fingertips and short nails, but I'm not going for "classical" tone.
Yes, these mics should do a pretty decent job.
You can but will not have any sound. You need a amp and speakers.
Unfortunately no without a USB sound box which can accept dynamic microphone input.
Yes, although if you want clearer sounds I recommend a Behringer mixer also. It will filter the sounds of the guitar, and the vocals will be crisp. Instead of just recording raw through the microphones, but for starters it would do the job.
It is the newest version if it comes in brown wrappers; this packaging looks like the one I ordered, so yes, this is the newest version. I used them in my Taylor Dreadnought 110e, and they fit fine and came out very easily. They didn't last as long as the older version although we did have very low humidity in VA this winter.
Yes. It keeps your guitar between 45-55% relative humidity. I think it would be better than silica gel moisture reducers. But you must keep your guitar in its case (when not being played) for it to work. Good luck and good picking!
Definitely. Will work with aux or monitor send from any mixer that has those sends. Still using the monitor weekly and loving it.
Not recomended, its to small, the speaker is 6.5. Unless you need a portable amplifier. It sounds really clean for its sice.
This is not the kind of sound that you want for your harp. Unless you just want to get good loud mids. In the case of my piano, bass and high pitched notes were awfully distorted.
yes, but a small one. It is much more than an amp. useful for smaller settings. Lots of power for its size. Reasonable bass sound, but not full amp. It is very versatile and I use it when my wife does a small room performance and plugs in electric piano and microphone.
Absolutely not! It couldn't even handle a single piano keyboard. It's alright for mids but terrible for lows and distorted for highs.
Yeah it will but you might have to do alittle sanding to bring the action down if its too high and just make sure if you do just sand from the bottom and keep it flat
You will need to measure the width of you slot to see if it will fit , it will be either 1/8 or 3/16 wide .You will also have to sand the bottom of the saddle to achieve good string height.
It should do. It's a standard bridge saddle. But as you have a Martin, unless you're good on guitar technicals, I'd seek advice of a proper guitar luthier.
Hello, The safe answer is "I don't know". I bought this saddle to replace a worn one on a Recording King acoustic guitar. But as yours is an electro-acoustic it might not be suitable. I would check either direct with GraphTech or with a guitar luthier.
If the length is right, then yes. You may need to sand it down so it will fit in the slot and be at the right height.
I think it would be a good replacement saddle for that guitar. Intonation should be improved.
The EF341 comes with an uncompensated saddle (from what I've read - I don't own one) so I would stick with that. Despite what others have written I can't hear the difference between GraphTech and bone so I would try the GraphTech uncompensated saddle.
I can't answer that since I've never seen the guitar. All I can suggest is that you get out your ruler (or better yet, some calipers) and see if it matches the dimensions of your old bridge. Also, recall that saddles almost always need to be sanded to fit. Just make sure it's not too small to start with.
Don't go by brand or model. Use the dimensions on your old bridge, compare them to the new one, and count on sanding it to fit.
In the description it lists the dimensions as 1/8" thick, 2&7/8" long and 7/16" high, which is spot on with the one I bought. It fits a standard size acoustic bridge with minimal sanding.
There's no use trying to match model numbers of saddles and guitars. Neither manufacturers make an exhaustive list. Your only guide is a ruler, and count on doing some sanding to make it fit.
It is only for steel string guitars.
I use it in my Martin custom d and it sounds awesome. Every pick up I have heard from K&K is great
No
I recently put this in my GS Mini after using Taylor's ES-Go up which was alright. My guitar tech suggested the K&K Wow, Much better tone and volume. And you still have that passive pu quality Good luck!
...yup...no issue....
No...the problem is Windows drivers and compatible systems..It may work on Toshiba or Sony but so far it doesn;t work well at all on HP and a few others mainly cause of the lack of real ASIO drivers...and without those the Quality of the sound will be your main problem....gl
No it does not.
The device is merely a way to connect your instrument to your computer. If you can get it to work at all, it may work with your software. I recommend upgrading to a small stereo mixer - $50.00-60.00 range.
This is mainly for recording. I have a laptop so I did not get a big sound when plugged in. You would be better off buying a small practice amp. I had an amp you could clip to a belt that was about $20 new.
Yes! They'll fit just fine!
These are vintage modern tuners and fit inside standard closed tuner holes but if u have just the vintage small klusons ( u can tell by the small washer/insert on top of headstock,they just push in, no nut on top of peg to tighten) then u will have to reem out the peg hole. Never use a drill as u can easily crack the headstock. Kluson makes new tuners wich fit like closed tuners. They are more money but better than grovers. Check them out, they have 16:1 ratio and these grovers have 14:1 ratio. Some have 18:1 ratio. I had the new vintage kluson stock on my lpj but they had black keys, yuk. Well, they were a bit better than the these grovers i just put on. If i wld have known kluson makes these new vintage modern tuners with the green keys i wld have bought them instead. Hope i didnt confuse u. Buy the klusons over the grovers if u switch. They were not available back in the day. The small klusons with inserts are fine but u can have one or two get loose on you. If yr gibson stays in tune, keep it stock unless u cant live with them like me, cldnt stand the black keys on a gibson. They switched back to green this year on the lpj and sgj .
Yes. I bought these tuners. There are six in a pack. Also, I find it strange that anyone would sell LESS than six tuners for a guitar.
I haven't replaced tuners on a 90's Epiphone yet. The best advice I can offer is that these Grover's arrive in clam shell packaging. You can open the pack, remove one tuner, and try the fit. First, look at the back of the old tuner. Check the pattern of the mounting screws. They should be one per side, centered evenly. If this is different on your guitar, you'll know it has to be modified. Then you can place it back into the package and return it for a refund. I hope this helps. Please feel free to contact me with any other concerns.
They can be used for both acoustic and electric, but you still might have to ream the holes out pending on what size bushings you currently have in your guitar head...
Yes. To be sure, check the dimensions of the stock tuners.
Either would be a good choice for a beginner or an advanced player. Id get whichever one you could get the best price on.
I'm sorry -- I wish I could help you Ed. It is a typical size microphone -- easy to transport. The stand adjusts easily but as far as your question, I have no idea.
It does work, but our amp didn't last very long. It is very small and I probably wouldn't spend the money. Spend a little more and buy something nicer.
It depends on your keyboard. If it has a Mic in jack, then yes. This mic has a big plug so if your mic in is small, you need to buy the adapter.
We used this for a karaoke machine and didn't need an amp.
Nope! Just plug and play (well...sing, speak, etc.). This is a great item - easily transportable and dependable. I use it all the time.
No. You have to buy an xlr cable separately.
No.. This is an XLR plug.. It plugs into a mixer or amp.. They make adapters but it won't sound good
Yes that's what is designed for..
You need to go through some kind of pre-amp. Even an inexpensive PA mixer will do.
Well, yes, you need a microphone cord that will connect to an amplifier or a p.a system, or you can use a powered p.a speaker.
I don't know, but it built a pyramid in the back garden with its bare hands.
The tone is absolutely amazing, through headphones, into a digital recorder or into an amp. Incredible deal for the money. The only other pedals I use now are my wah wah and digital delay. JMT
No. There is not enough power output to drive a speaker. You might get some sound but it would sound terrible. You need an amplifier.
I don't believe so.
I can't see why this wouldn't work with any pedal, FX Loop, guitar, bass, microphone, stylophone, gramophone, mobile phone... basically any signal except for speaker. If you can physically plug something into it, I reckon the chances are it will process the signal. (But to repeat, I wouldn't plug a speaker output into it; that would be somewhat mad-scientisty, and could possibly ruin an amp.)
I'm not sure. I have used it though to record on my computer by plugging it into the line input. And By using the USB you can change/ tweak your sounds.
You mean like a pitch shifter? Don't think so.
You certainly can play a bass through it. It doesn't really have any bass specific sounds included but there'd be no reason why you couldn't customize the preset sounds with your own.
Check the mA power consumption of each of your pedals. The One Spot can provide 1700mA. If the total power consumption of all your pedals is below 1700mA then you can string as many together as you'd like.
My quick answer would be I don't know, but I can tell you I did.because I didn't want to leave them in and forget, and have them go bad.
I Just got a morley Steve vai little alligator volumen pedal and 1spot power supply, both work very well together
Short answer is yes. The web site indicates that it handles international voltages and the plug is stamped with 100-240.
There are listings that show a power adapter suitable. I do not have one, but it is avaiiable.
If you mean standard 3.5 Jack like lost phones and devices use then no, but you can buy adapters for cheap
yes, good echo, reverb, phase shift, and chorus
Not on a bass guitar, but I did have it wired up to a microphone (for my trombone). It handled the frequencies okay when it worked, but it only lasted a couple months before the switch became super noisy and then non-responsive.
First of all you remove the pedal itself (with the name and model), underneath there's a capacity which is a storage for the 9v battery.
Hum? Don't remember. It causes disappointment. Sold mine.....
I have short fat fingers and it's my favorite guitar to play. I had a takamine that I disliked immensely because of the narrow fretboard. The short fingers should not make a big difference. Good luck.
The "Seagull S6 Original" has a slightly larger nut width than your typical guitar "approximately 1/8 of an inch wider at the top of the neck near the tuners" which makes this guitar great for players with large hands and people that play finger style. However, many players just prefer this width. It's my opinion that since she is an accomplished piano player with excellent finger dexterity, this guitar will be a very good choice. Please keep in mind that this is a full size dreadnaught body so if she is small in physical size, ANY full size dread could be a problem. Take her to a music store and have her try ANY full size dread just for fit. If you can swing the few extra dollars, go for a Godin Seagull SWS Maritime guitar, http://seagullguitars.com/seagull_maritime_series.html No matter what guitar you go with, keep $40.00 set aside for a guitar action job "setup". Almost ALL new guitars straight off the show room floor have high string action. ALSO, since she should already know music theory, skip paying for guitar lessons and get her "Gibson's Learn and Master Guitar". She should tear through it. Amazon cost is $125 As for the build and material "quality" of the S6, you can't go wrong, she will grow with it for many years.
Mine is 24.84. According to their site they have switched to 25.5 so there is a disparagement in mine and what their official site claims. I read somewhere else they switched at some point so I may have an older model.
No. I purchased a gig case for it!
Not sure what brand they are but they work great. No noise just crystal clear audio.
Evelyn, It depends on what kind of output your amplifier has, and what kind of input your speaker has. These connections are XLR, which are NOT usual for most amp/speaker connections. I suggest you have a neighbor look at your amp/speaker arrangement before you buy. It will be an easy determination for someone with even modest experience. John McNeill. Springfield, South Dakota
No - the impedance of a microphone cable is higher than speaker cables, which are designed to carry higher voltage and current loads from the output of an audio amplifier. In addition, most speaker connections are not XLR, but usually 1/4" phone jacks or "speakon" connectors, which are usually found on higher end speakers. Of course if the right adapters are found for the speakers for this cable, one could conceivably use it. Unless the manufacturer specifies that a cable of this type is used for carrying low level or digital signals between speakers, however, there is a risk that equipment and/or the cable could be damaged when using a cable of this type to carry speaker level signals.
You can use this cable ONLY if your speaker is powered (has amplifier built-in to the speaker). A standard passive speaker will not work with this cable.
Yes. Phantom power can come through any balanced line cable. It does not take a special cable. It does require that your mixer be designed to provide this power.
I would not trust my guitar to this case if I had to check it, there is virtually no padding or structure. If you can take it with you into the airplane, then it's fine.
Yes, this bag is a like the traditional bags with the backpack style strap that are adjustable. Good buy for my Epiphone PRE-6E, perfect fit
Should fit easily, guy below says it fits his dreadnought, a FS700s is folk size.
Hi Robyn, I do not know much about guitars. I measured the inside of the case --hopefully, this will help you. length of case (top to bottom) = 41"; widest point = 15"; base only, up to where the neck starts = 21".
Yes it does.
No. You just buy patch cords to put on your petal board or hook to other petals. Awesome petal though, I've had one for years.
I have had mine for a year without any problems. I am unsure about Ibanez's warranty on this item.
I have an iPhone 5S Otterbox Defender case and the headphone jack for the Audio-Technica ATH-M50 does not fit with the case. I'm not sure how different or similar the iPhone 5S Otterbox is with the iPhone 5 Otterbox but I assume they are similar. So I would guess that the headphone jack would not fit in the iPhone 5 Otterbox either. I hope this helps.
Absolutely. The only thing to concider is buying a few replacement earcups, because mine have started to crack.
No built in Mic. These are strictly studio monitors.
They do not incorporate any of the the active noise-cancelling technology that you may see in other headsets, but they do offer quite a bit of isolation due to the closed back design.
It says that it is, but I don't know for sure. Anyways, I like the size of it. I enjoy the quality of the sound recording from the machine. The only thing I have against it, it is too complicated. I wish it was a little simpler to operate. I took me over two weeks to read the manual and try to figure out how to get it to work. I nearly gave up on it. I am still trying to understand the different tracks and how to switch from one to the other. So if anyone out there that would like to help me simplify the instructions, I would certainly appreciate it.
I really have no idea. This was bought as a dedicated supply for a D-008, per mfr recommendation. They'd probably be your best source for this info.
Yes, According to the LR-10 manual (page 43)
I'm not sure. Go to the Tascam website and download the owner's manual for the DR-40. The owner's manual should show what AC adapter works with it. If it's the same then you will have your answer. If it's different, then go to Amazon to shop for it. Good luck!
I purchased the PSP520 as that was recommended for my Tascam DR100mkII. I needed the power for the recorder as our orchestra can be on stage for 4 hrs, the batteries may not have lasted that long, so I am to be well prepared. I was not concerned with size nor if it was quieter, perhaps you can do a Google search for what you require.
I use then every week and have no problems with them
Hi, No I am sorry but these are only available in black. Thanks, New World Pro Audio 877-802-0416
Not sure if my issue was a 1 off scenario but the cable had too much noise from now on I will not skimp on a quality cable but that's just me
Yes
Yes. It comes with a male and a female XLR connector.
No, this only for the dj sound board or from mixer to microphone.
Yes I will.
Yes, there are Direct/Recording RCA jacks on the back of the amplifier for outputing to a DAW.
The artist presets are simply that - presets. There are backing tracks in another section of the amp, full backing tracks of songs plus drum beats.
It has a headphone out so I suppose you could send it to a PA. The signal out is low so it will need to be amplified for sure. I do believe its stereo there. It also has RCA stereo out in the back that also could be run into an amplified speaker such as a PA's.
None that I know of, any good dynamic microphone will work.
you could if you had a convert cable from rca jacks to 1/4 inch. but it might not sound all that well as this is designed to amplify a passive signal and usually cd players and some recievers have at least a bit of voltage, this will cause quite a bit of distortion. try another amp like a behringer gm 108 , or a fender rumble 15 watt. i have both of those and each has inputs for pre amplified sources. i hope that helped
Absolutely! Either on one shoulder like if you're just going out to the car, or on both like a backpack. There's a photo of the back here: http://static.music123.com/derivates/18/001/306/318/DV016_Jpg_Large_541318.001_black_back.jpg
yes I have it with a 12 str. wasburn
I bought an epiphone d 100 and it fits nice. I think it's 3/4 acoustic. You can look up exact dimensions and compare. I thought it an awesome bag for the price. I think I paid around 35. For a soft bag it's nice
if the SG is about the same length (or less) as a Fender Strat or Tele it should work fine. It's a roomy bag.
I got this last year for my son's fender squier stratocaster. It's way thicker than his Musicians Friend bag. The zipper pocket on the front adds even more protection than the already thick padding from the bag. Plus, it's great for storing picks, a cable, etc. You will NOT be disappointed!
Yes.
roughly 8 1/2 inch's across/width(without stretching at all) and 2 1/2 inch's deep and good padding. I use it for a strat but sometimes with a Charvele which has a huge tilted head and it fits no prob.
No, it's not.
I would look somewhere else if you want the classic tube sound. This unit sounds better with guitar and has a mild effect really.
Light will flash until tube warms up.
It's made for an electric guitar not an acoustic
The carrier comes with one detaching strap.
Hm, probably not too well. This microphone is designed as a mic for a tuner. It works great to plug directly into a tuner. it's OKAY to use as a contact microphone for amplification if you don't have any other options. I purchased it as a backup for just in case my classical guitar pickup goes out during the middle of a gig and I need amplification. The sound you'll get out of it is not very good, because isn't designed for that. But with a lot of EQ work, you can still get a decent sound at a very cheap price. I recommend keep looking around for a better mic for your bass, but if you have a little extra cash lying around, then it's definitely worth picking this one up to have a mediocre spare and just to see how it works.
No, it does not. This is a 1/4" connector, like a standard "instrument" cable, and matches the jack on most instrument tuners.
I reviewed the specs on a retailers web site. It mentioned this particular model adapter. See below. Power Supply Optional Adapter (PA-3C/PA-130), or batteries (Six "AA" size, LR6 or Ni-MH rechargable batteries) Power Consumption 8W (with Optional PA-130) Hope this helps.
Hello Abdullah, I am not sure whether you are connecting to 110Volt AC which is negative grounded or whether you are connecting to Positive grounded voltage. It would appear that if the A300 Data plate calls for a 12 Volt DC plug into the instrument from a 12 Volts, 60HZ supply and the connectors fit, you would be in business with the Yamaha PA130. You might be able to get the cross referenced adapter by putting your A300 data plate information through a search engine. Hope this helps. Thanks,...James
It should work, but the great thing about amazon is you can return the item if its not what you were looking for. -10 years of piano experience and a Major in Music
Yes it works great.
Hello Yes from 8thstreet Music, thanks
No
Yes
When You check on amazon for what is included with this unit it states Power Supply Adaptor (PA-3C/PA-130), or batteries (Six "AA" size, LR6 or Ni-MH rechargable batteries) Power Consumption 8W (with PA-130) Accessories. Hope this helps.
This is how it works: condenser mic---&gt;XLR cable---&gt;Nady SMPS---&gt;XLR cable---&gt;amp
Yes, it will make it slightly more sensitive. You will hardly notice a difference.
1 Mic in - 1 out
Sorry but no. This unit runs on AC only.
Hi Anthony, I bought the AC30, the Metal, and the Classic Rock ones, so I can't comment on the Lead one, but of the three that I got, the Classic Rock one was the favorite. Another option to consider, although more expensive, is to get a Carl Martin Rock Bug. That way you can use all of your Dirt Pedals and still use the headphones. Using my Rock Bug with a Boss Flanger pedal and a Beat Buddy pedal is pretty neat.
You mean like on a Fender strat? It looks like it won't from the pics but it does fit just fine .
There is a specific AmPlug version for a bass guitar (my wife has one). You could probably get a signal through this version, but the filtering etc would be wrong.
If it has a standard 1/4" audio plug then yes, it should work fine.
There is a power input selector switch on the back. These number are from the manual. Power Input: Input voltage ........115/230 V (AC) Frequency ................. 50/60 Hz
Yes
You are too vague in your question. Can't help you out unless you give speaker info how do you have them wired 4 or 8 ohms/rms wattage/peak wattage. I have my amp hooked up in my house to kicker subs 500rms each at 8 ohm, they are plenty loud. just as load if not louder than my 1000watt car amp.
No. It may blow your speakers out and heavy clipping. Here's the solution. Amp and Mixer only from 1000 watts to 1400 watts as your stereo amps range without EQ and turn down your mixer without clipping and adjust your amps channel 1 and 2 volume control on your audio amplifier component. That way it will sound better. Or. Buy a better Amp from 2000 Watts to 10,000 watts comes with bigger speakers to match along with EQ without clipping after making your own audio adjustments on your mixer, EQ and amp avoids from audio clipping.
yes
Should fit all standard sound holes. Does not fit 3/4 or half size Guitars due to the sound hole sizing.
If it is a standard sized guitar..it should fit no problem...if not i I'm unsure
If it's is a full size guitar yes it will, will not fit a jumbo with not fit a 3/4 size will fit a full size guitar so a normal guita Im pretty sure it will fit a Martin
Yes
No idea, BUT(!!!) I did it to fit into my Takimine/Jasmine JUMBO acoustic Bass, for whatever that's worth. It has threads and screws in and is somewhat flexible. Good luck!
The Planet waves is 4 inches in diameter. I use it on the larger hole Gibsons, (J-150) to tight for the J-45. Hope this helps, check with Sweetwater or some other guitar store for their evaluation.
It is 4 inches in diameter. I have it in a 3-7/8" hole, but it would not likely fit a smaller hole. Measure your sound hole and get one no more than an 1/8 of an inch larger.
It is exactly 4 inches diameter. My Fender T-Bucket has a 3 7/8 sound hole and it fits just fine.
The purpose of these is to prevent "back feeding" when an acoustic guitar has a pickup and an amp is being used. And they do help a lot. I don't know why one is necessary unless you just want to reduce the volume. Beware there are different sound hole sizes.
It should not give you any trouble tuning a bass. I don't personally play bass but as long as it is first in your chain it should handle a bass just fine as Korg advertises it as a guitar/bass tuner. I hope that helps.
No
Yes, great product.
I don't see why it wouldn't. I haven't tested it with a 12-string, though.
(1.) The pitch black is not an acoustic tuner - meaning, it does not have a mic. You must connect to the Pitch Black via 1/4" cable. (2.) On-Stage effectiveness has a lot to do with how sensitive the violin pickup (Magnetic, Piezo, Mic) is to interference from other instruments playing on stage while you are tuning your violin. I suggest you buy the Pitch Back from somebody with an extended return policy so you can give it a thorough test. Aside from the question of possible interference from other instruments on stage, I expect the Pitch Black will work very well for you.
Yes it does, just did it few minutes ago
The pitchblack is not going to work well. You really need a tuner that displays frequency in Hz. And you might need to know a little something about equal temperament to get the best results. http://howtotuneapiano.com/blog/tuning-a-piano-with-an-electronic-tuner/
I guess so. You would be using the PA speaker as an Amp, so it should work.
I've done it but its really glitchy and unnatural sounding. Helicon makes a good, inexpensive harmonizer. I picked one up used for 60 bucks at Guitar Center.
YEs, with the octave mode. but this pedal isnreally cheap and sounds a little crappy.
I would think so. I use .5 foot right angle cables to connect all of my effects pedals.
It does not.
No, it's only a delay pedal. Hardwire supernatural ambient verb is a really good reverb pedal, I think it's a proguitarshop.com exclusive. Earthquaker devices makes some nice reverb pedals or if you want the grand daddy, the Strymon Blue Sky is incredible but not cheap, it's 300 new.
It can be used with anything that has an output and input providing you have the proper Jack
Yes it is. Depending on how much you know about pedals you can take it apart yourself and see it. If not, there may be a YouTube video of taking it apart and explaining a true bypass system.
Yes, it is a True Hardwired Bypass
I have plugged in a guitar and vocal mic to get that old 1950's reverb effect and it worked quite nicely. I also sang vocal notes into it trying out various settings and found it produces numerous effects. I do find that it seems more reponsive to guitar than voice, but then I've only been using it for a week. I strongly suggest, however, that your daughter spend more time practicing voice without the unit than with...this toy is tons of fun, but might aid in developing some bad vocal habits. I find I could easily use it as a crutch to aid lazy singing (reverb can make you think you're sounding better than you are). I find that when I use it, I tend to "slide into" my notes, rather than attacking them accurately. But other than that, I have found this little blue Behringer to be an excellent value for the money.
That's how I use it. No problems.
yes, I use that adapter with it
yes
It works on anything run through your amp.
I'm not certain but think the split is that two lines can go in, say vocal and guitar, and two go out together for a stereo effect, so yes itd mix the two inputs - check out their website, I'm sure that'll say.
I thought it sounded great in my phono pre. Very clear, well defined, excellent bass.
I'm sure you can use them if it takes 12AX7 tubes, but I can't speak to whether it will change volume on your OD channel. That could just be the amp.
I am not familiar with MPAll preamp. You can try the Tungsol 12AX7 & see if you like the sound. I have had no problems with this tube so far.
Yes
Each amp takes tubes so differently so it's hard to say. I can only speak for my 2013 vox ac30 and they did make a nice difference. Subtle but different. It's kinda like different brands of strings. All similar but slight variations. I ended up recording with my phone to help hear the difference side by side. Overall I'm glad I tried them and I did keep them in. Hope this helps.
All "12" series tube pins are identical. A 12ax7 has a higher output than a 12au7 (which has the lowest of the series) and may cause distortion or some other unforeseen issue with the circuitry. Before proceeding, you need to know why the manufacturer chose to use a 12au7 and its application in this amplifier. A great rule to follow is don't re-invent the wheel - if the manufacturer designed a circuit to use a particular tube, there's a reason why.
The head of the stand comes bare so depending on what kinds of clips you have for it, I would think you'd be able to attach it...?
YES. I've tried it with my Blue Snowball so I'm sure it will work for other Blue mics. It just took me a minute to get my Snowball on the thread properly before I could screw it on.
Yes
Yes. I have had two different Flying V guitars, and it holds just fine. The stand's height is adjustable, so if it isnt tall enough, yiu can adjust it. I currently have a Jackson JS Randy Rhoads V and a Dean Dave Mustaine signature VMNTX and an Epiphone Les Paul Special II on there and it holds all three just fine, even when I remove any one of the three guitars.
The three hangers move as one unit so the instruments have to be close in size. Mine holds a full size fiddle and 15" viola at the same time if that gives you some idea.
The arms holding the guitar and lower back-braces are fixed to the shaft.
yes, i only use 2 guitars and it's fine
Yes, it does. In fact I bought this stand for my fishman loudbox mini.
I bought the Rumble for my Grandson, I bought the stand for my Fender Champion 100, it's a larger amp and the stand works GREAT! It seems to me the Rumble was much smaller and while you can adjust the height, you cannot adjust the width... I hope that helps. I really enjoy the stand, sturdy construction and well priced! Pat
Yes. You should check the weight specs for both to be sure, but the arms actually appear to be set at a width most suitable for a 2x12 combo. It is very strong.
you probably ran into the "tone weeny mafia", you won't lose much if any...and it it would only apply to bass response. for instance it is practice to put the big woofers on the ground of a PA system as the floor helps the bass resonate. a guitar is a midrange instrument and i highly doubt any negative effect would happen on your tone. if it did then you could just increase your bass EQ. in a live gig i would assume you would be mic'ed anyway meaning the "amp on floor" would be a moot point anyway.
Hmmm... I'm thinking that this amp stand may be a little big for that job. Maybe look up "Studio Monitor Stand".
the legs measure 12" from outside edge to outside edge of the support legs. I looked up the fishman mini and it says it's 13.7' wide. It will work if it's at least 12" wide.
I'm sure it will. Its pretty standard in size.
It does what it does. It's not high grade construction, but it keeps the guitar stable.
My friend lowered the neck of the stand (it's adjustable) and now ukulele sits fine on it.
With a 6-inch gap in the base and nearly 2-foot span between base and neck holder, I would say NO. Unless you have a jumbo Uke.
No
For someone young and his size this should work - but so will most bar stools.
If the pin configuration (pin + on the planet waves power supply) and size are the same as the boss pedal, than yes. A DC device will ALWAYS only pull what it needs on the current side. (THE VOLTAGE NEEDS TO BE THE SAME THOUGH!!!!!.... true of ANY DC device) In the case of the planet waves power supply, it is 9V so you are fine. On the BOSS pedal, look at where the power supply plugs in.... there should be a + and - symbol near it.... the one in a circle is the pin which must be positive.
You'll have check the current series order on the looper itself my plug is:+-0- - (best interpretation of symbols with keyboard) that translates to a circled positive sign with a solid circle second and last is a minus sign circle . This is used on my ditto looper so take that into consideration. Good luck it's a fine power supply don't let the low price dissuade you.
tip negative...outside ring positive....if that's how your pedal is set up..this will work with it. the Electro-Harmonix XO Big Muff Pi Pedal seems to be set up that way
Please check your DVD requirement..this one is 9V and 300ma...if it matches, it should charge...
Mine is a zoom s2...so I would think it would be. I just matched up the specs off my defective one and this was exact.
Off the cuff: most likely, because it's compatible with most mass-market pedals. HOWEVER...please forgive me if I sound a bit pedantic...this is something every serious electric guitarist (including others reading this reply) needs to know. Your pedals are marked with a polarity icon. So is the planet waves. The Web can help you...now and in the future. If you go to the D'Addario site, you'll see that the Planet Waves unit is "tip negative". The Boss Web site is useless in this regard, but guitar forums tell you the DS-1 (and, presumably, all Boss pedals...unless the company's engineers are wankers) is also tip negative. What Amazon will tell you is that if you open the package carefully, test it, and it doesn't work...return it as "no longer needed" (you pay the discounted return shipping, but that's only fair). If in doubt, order one of these: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-ACD477-Universal-Supply/dp/B000Z31G3M/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1412467196&sr=8-1&keywords=9v+power+supply+with+multiple+plugs Best wishes!
Sorry not familiar with the pedal. I've always used some type of modeling amp and have never needed a pedal for the type of music I play.
Yes. It's center negative just like the pedal. This was one of the quietest adapters I've used.
Yes they are universal.
It can be used anywhere it can be clipped onto something. I use it on my music stand and clip it onto my sheet music binder. Works great and better than many "book" reading lights that I've tried in the past.
there were 2 dfferent prices...$16. & $25. i bought the more expensive one and yes...it came with a power adapter...used it with batteries too and they lastes a long time
I don't know about the adapter because I don't use it. I put batteries in it and use it on my music stand during concerts. There are no plugs around. The model I have has push buttons. It has two levels of brightness, so you have to push the switch twice to turn it off completely.
My wife actually uses these while playing in her hand bell choir. She tells me they can rotated anyway you want to turn them. She just brought them in and showed me that they twist in all different directions.
Yes. That is how I use it. It 'a great because both pages are equally lit.
The lamps can be rotated into any position! They're working well for me. I noticed that Tony Bennett's pianist during the I Tunes Music Festival was using this same lighting.
The AC adapter does NOT have a USB end. Strictly AC. To turn each lamp on requires a push button on each light. Cannot turn them both on with one switch. Hope that helps!
You could buy an external mixer but it is not really necessary. You can also purchase sound mixing/editing software such as Sony Forge or Sony ACID. Go to www.sonycreativesoftware.com for more details on this.
i think this one is better then blue yeti here some stuff i did with audio technica https://soundcloud.com/jaereload
Yes. What you see in the picture is what you get. The microphone, the connection, and the stand.
Yes, It has the base that can be screwed into the pro stands for booms and stands.
If your stomach is growling, it will pick it up. I don't eat anything before I record.
No, it is a great mic.
Yes. That would be model # B1320.
Yes as long as your intention is to use it as a practice amp in a small confined area
For solo practice where you don't want to shake the whole house? Yes. For practice with a band? No; it would not be loud enough and the speaker is too small to produce the appropriate sound necessary to be heard over drums/guitar/PA, etc.
There has to be a 1/4" guitar chord plugged into the input on the amp in order to get power.
a speaker this size has poor bass quality. check out the fender mustang mini, it uses 6 c batterys, and comes with a very nice ac adapter.
Yes, it holds just about any type of glass, I'm very happy with it.
Yes... Only cans and bottles. Don't put heavy glass in it as it will not be stable.
Can't say I have but u better have a lid for your drink...
Yes...
Yes,it works very well.
I use it with my cello but recently gave it to my son for use when he tunes pianos. He likes it much better that the one he using.
Yes, and it will cover the full range of notes.
Yes
Yes
I do not use it to tune a complete piano. I use it to tune certain notes and I find that I have to tune the top and bottom octaves by ear. It does not work well there. Just to "touch up" certain strings, it works great.
Yes
Fender 007-1359-000 2-Button Footswitch works with FM 65 DSP, Super Champ XD or x2 and champion 40 !!!
It works fine with Fender Super Champ. It's the right pedal for it. Concerning a Fender Mustang 1 V.2 , is better consult its manual and specifications along with FENDER .com
I'm almost sure it will.
I have both. Some are simply a single line connection ans some are ( ring tips leave), meaning there are actually two connections through the Cord. One way to tell if it is a single connection, is to simply plug a guitar cord to the switch in on the amp and open and close the connection by shorting the tip & leave together to see If it's a single , or a ring, tips leave.
Yes this will work with any Fender 2 channel amp.
The sure way to tell is to use a circuit tester, such as an Ohm meter. This way you can check the drum machine end of the cords for continuity, when switching buttons off & on.
It's a generic Fender footswitch. It should work with most Fender amps that use a footswitch.
I suspect not, as its wiring is a bit unusual. I have just come across a guy that can build you a footswitch for virtually any amp or effects device ever made: http://voodoomanswitches.com
It is a right hand uke, but you can restring it to make it left handed. There is nothing else the differentiates right and left hand sides in this instrument.
Our lanikai Lu-21 it come together with aquila string Our lanikai ukulele is real one Not copy one
There may be some places that sell them as a package deal but mine didn't come with one.
I purchased one August 4th, 2013 and they came with the Aquila strings.
I seriously don't have any complaint, it stays in tune and sounds perfect :)
I do not know. I have a Kurzweil keyboard. I suggest calling Yamaha on their 800 # and asking. However, I think it's pretty universal, so long as you have a quarter inch input for a pedal.
It didn't click for me.
If im not mistaken a one year manufacturer's warranty.
No manuals came with mine. It only does one thing though, sustain the notes on the Keyboard when you press the pedal with your foot.
Yes
This should work if the keyboard has a 1/4" jack to plug in.
it comes with the USB cord that goes into your computer, but you will have to get your own XLR cord on the other end.
If it allows your 2020 to work with the computer, It is basically a cosmetic thing. I don't know if they use one or two LED's to illuminate the Logo, but If it works with the mic & computer, I would think that, they probably use two & one LED is defective or there is a poor solder joint. Even if it works OK except for the light, I would return it for a replacement. If you file a claim for replacement because it is defective, Amazon will arrange a FREE UPS pick-up for the product. They will ship out a replacement the moment defective one is received.
Hook up yes, will it work, I cant promise anything. It's heavily implied for mic usage so I don't know how it would handle a guitar, I'd suggest checking out their site http://bluemic.com maybe send them an email if you cant find what you're looking for. Blue's really big on mics, I know if they do anything other than that though.
I haven't had an issue yet.
Yes, it appears as a USB sound device, just select that as the input in your recording software.
Yes. My son puts both his books in it and also leaves his pencils/etc. junk in it... Yeah...do not worry about it...works well for us.
mine does not have a neck strap. i haven't had any issue with de-tuning when i transport the guitar.
That would depend on the size and shape of your Squier SA 105. You would need to measure it and check the specks on the Items Amazon page. Here are the Product Dimensions: 44 x 18 x 5 inches. If your Squier SA 105 is between 43-44 inches long, 17-18 inches wide, and 4-5 inches deep I would say YES. If not then I would say no.
Yes, this bag will fit the FG700S and any other dreadnought body shape, just right. Thanks for your inquiry!
Yes
I don't think so my I old ibanez bass is pretty fat for an electric and it does not leave much room to spare, I can't imagine a acoustic guitar fitting in.
It depends on what sort of guitar it is. I have a Yamaha FG700S Acoustic Guitar (steel string) and this case was too tight. I think someone here posted measurements - I'd check the measurements on yours (length and both wide points).
Specifications Material: Heavy-duty 600-D nylon Color: Black Lower Bout: 18"; Upper Bout: 14.5"; Depth: 5"; Length: 44"
probably not and it lasted 6 months before the latch broke by one at the Guitar Center
I keep getting questions from customers wanting to know if it'll fit their particular guitar. I don't know. If they really want to know they should walk into a music store, find a similar guitar case, fit their guitar and decide if they want to buy this case.
measure your guitar. My acoustic is 41" long, 11.5" across near the cutaway and 15.5" across at it's widest and about 4.75" deep and the guitar fits the case fairly snug with a little bit of room to spare all around. I'd almost say it's just about a perfect fit for me and I absolutely love it (and paid twenty less than what it's going for now in April 2012). Keep in mind, the case will smell for a couple weeks while the lacquer or whatever it is they use finally dissipates and dries out; but after that, it is a very nice case for the money (at least it used to be when it was twenty less).
I've had that happen with Casters that I purchased from those home stores but these are by far the best I've used. I've purchased several 4 packs and never had issues
yes they fit perfectly...my Acoustic B410 and B115 have them and you can put the x-tra sockets on another amp or cab.
Considering it is simply a metal frame and a bag, I think it will be agnostic to the fact you are a keyboard player.
No, you get the Pedaltrain 2, and all the Velcro Tape that you will need to mount all of your pedals on it. The one I got came with a nice black nylon bag with a zipper pocket on the side. If your stomp boxes are small enough, you can even leave them all mounted when you close the carrying case. That's what I do.
You can, but they won't make the same solid connection. Without the feet, they're not going anywhere.
I haven't heard of anyone that has, but I don't see a reason why not. You should check with others that play electric cello and see what they recommend.
yes, that is the same kind of guitar use with the amp, works great !!
Yes
Yes, but it wont be loud enough to gig with.
Also, it might be a blown fuse.
I immediately hooked it up with the connection kit, downloaded Garage band and had connectivity and success. I am now getting ready to connect it to a pc.
No, midi in and midi out are seperate functions.
Yes, It will work with windows 7. I had no problems at all.
If the keyboard has a midi out/in slot then it will work. I have Windows 8.1 and it worked for me
Make sure you have it install correct .. I wasn't either until I fixed my input and output
Yes
That was my question too. I think it does. http://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductReview.aspx?Item=N82E16812186035
Yes, it does. Windows 8.1 as well.
Works great with Mac OS! No drivers needs, but you need to tell the operating system to use the new usb device for input and output of sound. This does not occur automatically. Connect the usb stereo sound adapter to usb port in computer. Go to system Preferences and select Sound from Hardware options. Select the Output tab; then scroll and select "C-Media USB Audio Device". Do the same for sound Input under the Input tab. My OS X version is 10.8.5, but should be the same steps for OS X Mavericks.
This worked without any manual configuration on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. The kernel in use is Linux 3.2.0-67-generic. It is identified as "Bus 001 Device 004: ID 0d8c:0008 C-Media Electronics, Inc." by lsusb. The relevant dmesg lines are: [2845187.137277] input: C-Media USB Audio Device as /devices/pci0000:00/0000:00:1a.0/usb1/1-1/1-1.4/1-1.4:1.3/input/input7 [2845187.137524] generic-usb 0003:0D8C:0008.0003: input,hidraw2: USB HID v1.00 Device [C-Media USB Audio Device ] on usb-0000:00:1a.0-1.4/input3 [2845187.215401] usbcore: registered new interface driver snd-usb-audio So you will have to check compatibility with the kernel and modules used in Ubuntu 10.04. But since your version is quite old, there's a good chance it isn't supported simply because this device may not have even existed in 2010. It isn't listed in the USB device pages, which were last updated mid-2009. https://usb-ids.gowdy.us/read/UD/0d8c
Yes
Yes. Generic Driver
Im not sure i understand your question. You need two cables for any single pedal. One from the pedal to the guitar, and one from the pedal to the amp. These short jumper cables can be used inbetween pedals when your running more than one pedal.
Yes you can! I use 2 pedals, one with its own battery and the second one is connected with the power supply. Im sure you can do the same with multiple pedals.
No, they are very short! They are for plugging pedals into other pedals. You would still need a regular length guitar cable that plugs in from amp to pedal, and then you would use the three short cables to link several pedal together, and then a final regular length guitar cable to plug in to your instrument. I hope that helps!
That is a good question. Any new strings will brighten it up then question is for how long. These will be brighter than the silk and steels which give a warmer sound.
These strings are lite so they are easy on the fingers. The tone is warm and pleasing.
It can be done, but not directly. The H4N will allow you to record four channels at once, which are saved as two stereo files. If you have audio software, you can then divide those stereo files into individual mono files. It's a little cumbersome, but it can be done.
If you use it as an interview microphone, close to the sound source, it should be ok. If you expect to leave it in the middle of the church and be able to hear the priest words, it is not going to work. For that I would suggest use a lavalier mic on the speaker (easier if wireless) and record on the zoom H4N through it's XLR inputs. Good luck
BIG difference, new model doesn't bring * AC Adapter * 2 GB SD Card * Windscreen * Mic Clip Adapter * USB Cable the new model just brings,Protective Case Download for Steinberg Wavelab LE Software Download for Steinberg Cubase LE Software Regards, Juan Antunez Videoscope Inc.
I have used this to record a baby grand and an upright. The built-in mics are great at about a 5' distance. Additionally, you can plug in some other nice condenser mics and record with those as well for a total of FOUR tracks of piano! It's one of the best small, portable recorders, I've owned and I've been a recording engineer and sound for film engineer for 30 years. It's very sturdy and incredibly well-built. SOUND IS MAGNIFICENT.
Yes, that should be do-able.
The microphone in this device is very sensitive. In fact it's too sensitive that you hear all background noise very clearly so it's almost impossible to use outside. Inside I still find a slight hiss and still hear background sounds even in the quietest of rooms. So.. For multiple person interviews the best bet is to use multiple lapel pins connected to one of its interface. In a pinch u can try to use it indoors but be prepared to do some cleanup of noise after u record
Mine did, the wind screen fits over both microphones, and there is a hard plastic case that protects the device nicely. I am pleased with mine.
Sorry but no, but just to let you know I got my ME 70 about 3 mounts ago and I love it. For the price there great, it was like having a nee guitar all over again. The power adapter is not that much, I thinkyou well like the ME70.
Hello Enrique, Thanks for your interest! Regrettably, it is EZCORP'S policy to not ship outside of the Continuous US. This is because of the loss incurred when packages go through customs, high shipping fees, and damage done to the packages themselves. They found that this happened too frequently and they were losing too much money. This is why they decided to only ship locally. We apologize again for this inconvenience.
Yes i use it for my youtube videos! This is a very good microphone and I highly recommend it!
I did a lot of reading and research before purchasing the Samson Go Mic and was not disappointed at all. I have recorded two complete songs so far using this mic and the quality is the best. Very clear and sensitive and I would give it a 10. For the price you can't beat it but even if you spent more I don't believe you will get anywhere close to as good as this little gem. Personally I have spent many a day in a true recording studio and have recorded many songs. I truly believe you will be amazed as to how well this mic works, I am.
Yes, this will work fine for voiceover. A very good mic for such its size, able to record with clarity, and have a build in noise cancellation (it work pretty well, though not in the extreme setting with lots of surround noises).
I suppose you could if you could find/make one small enough. this is a VERY small mic. The mic portion is around the size of the old tall iPod nanos. I would expect you'd need one though because this mic is unlikely to be anywhere near your mouth, so pops are unlikely. It's made to sit on a table or clip to a laptop.
.....I'm not sure if your serious or not.....let's look at the dimensions, ball shape...into a cylindrical shape.....yea...no, it wont fit
As the MXL 550 is a standard size mic, this should work just fine.
Yes, it should most definitely work with an AKG Perception 220, in may interfere with the button on the trunk of the mic, but that depends on positioning
Yes, it should. I'm not 100% certain but I have the mount in front of me and by estimating the size of the microphone considering the size of the diaphragm in the microphone I can say that I'm almost certain that it will fit. I haven't been able to find the exact diameter of the microphone shell though, so I can't give you an absolute answer.
No it won't! It looks good and seems to be well made but wouldn't hold large mics at all. I regret buying it.
The fit's a little tight, but yes. I currently use this shock mount with my AT2020 USB and it works great.
Measure the diameter of the body. If it is 2 inches, it will work.
I wouldn't recommend it. It would be a really tight fit if it did work.
Yes
No. It will sound okay on a guitar amp but it won't pick up the low end on your bass.
You should never do that, you need a preamplifier to boost the signal. Try a little audio mixer.
I had a bad experience with is product. Korg ion my previous experience great. Maybe I got a lemon. Didn't work well on my 12 or 6 string guitars. Others rated it five star.
I don't think so. In any case, I suggest you spend a little more and buy a better one.
It's a chromatic tuner so it should be able to handle any note.
In theory you can, i have 2 usb cards connected to my laptop, plus the internal one, and all of them work, so in theory it should work. The only problem i see, is how the computer would identify each one of the usb audio interfaces, and how the user (you) would know each interface. Another thing that can help is to use the ASIO4ALL audio driver, if you are using Windows. Hope this helps.
I don't know about the S/PDIF but I suspect it won't work very well. I tried using the analog in to headphone jack using a USB power supply and it sounded terrible. I thought it would be a way around having to use a computer and it didn't work. Once I plugged the UCA222 into a laptop instead of a power supply it sounded way better.
I think it must. I use to send audio from and to my computer via the USB port on the CPU. The RCA jacks go to may external audio device (an old tape deck) so the audio is standard "line" levels with about 100K impedance. If audio goes both directions is must do DAC an ADC. Jim.
I don't see why not. It's compatible with Mac and the computer sees it as another sound card. You will have to assign Garage Band via the software's properties. I own four of these and use them on PCs in radio and production studios. Ultra clean and reliable.
yes this is from digitech rp55 online manual : Tremolo (t1-t9) A Tremolo effect modulates the volume of the signal at an even rate. Use the Value buttons to select one of the nine predetermined settings.
No it does not. See http://digitech.com/en-US/products/rp55 for specs
The way it comes out the box the effects are not all that great but you can adjust each effect the way you like it
I do not recall it being included. I think I bought one.
No it doesn't. I did purchase the one they recommended. I was too much of a novice I guess. I really had a difficult time figuring out how to operate it. It has so many settings and I couldn't get the drum beat I wanted out of it.
The stand holds a guitar perfectly. If the banjo is the same as a guitar it should fit.
No
Yes.
My husband has several guitars a banjo & a uke. None has been damaged by the frame. However his is basically retired & does mostly 1 hour gigs a few times a month. So I son't know if constannt use would make a difference.
Yes, I do. Call us at 1-650-872-7987 to inquire. We can also quote you the total shipping fee and discount price altogther.
Probably not. Classical guitars typically have wider necks and this capo doesn't even work well on a regualr acoustic. It's pretty weak.
It'll work on the guitar no problem, and should be ok for the mandolin..I'm not sure if they make special ones to better fit the mandolin, but it should still fit snug with no problems.
hello,cesar, i think it would work on a uke just as well as on a guitar. you would just have to print out a capo chord converter from the internet where you would know what chords you are playing in. if i had a uke i would not be afraid to try a capo as they are very inexpensive. sincerely, darrell owen in texas
For me It's great on my electric, I have to adjust it a little for my acoustic but my acoustics action is awful. Still works fine.
Yes day do!
This stand is pretty heavy duty. I took it on a concert tour where I had my music in a large 3 ring binder (that was quite heavy). The stand was very stable from the first page to the last page.
The plate is adjustable from flat to upright - it adjusts with a tension knob. I love it. I use it daily
Yes. The stand will extend from 24" to 45" as measured from floor to book plate ledge.
If it wasn't a small suitcase, yes. I think the rollerboards you can take on the plane might be too small.
Yes the lip is petty wide to hold a more than one music book or iPad.
Absolutely, if it's got a 1/4" jack and you got a cable, well, you'll have a fine time!
It has a small compartment in the back and it comes with a 9v battery but you can change the battery, it also has a plug to plug into a wall outlet, but it doesn't come with the cord
Yes....but this amp isn't designed to rock the house.....it's a great practice amp for smaller spaces.
Yes, it does - but the sound is not good - it cuts out every few seconds with anything plugged in to it.
Yes it does.
Man I ordered mine and the speaker didn't even work. Amazon asked if I would answer this question. Sorry I don't know the real answer, I can say this thing clips to your belt, and does not have a power supply with it, only a 9-volt battery.
I dont think it would be good for bass. I would look into something with more wattage or a amp that is made for bass playing.
i tried to use balanced 1/4 with xlr adapter, and never got a reliable connection. di box worked fine.
No
This should not be a problem! You can connect your mic to the XLR jack and use a 1/4" cable with an mini-stereo (on either end) to connect to your laptop. Levels should be adequate for most applications.
I think you can. Connect your guitar (cable with 1/4" jack) into Input of PDC21, and then XLR M/F cable from PDC21 XLR output to XLR input on your mixer. I use PDC21 between output of mixer preamplifier or keyboard and input of power amplifier to get rid of hum noise and it works.
I'm not sure you could try it! It would work if you plugged into an interface but straight USB not 100% sure. Interesting question.
Yes, input are in 1/4 Jack, and output in XLR
The can be used, just know that acoustics strap button placement is important to the structural integrity of the guitar. Many acoustics do not come with strap buttons, so you could/should mount your own. In general the easy decision is to place the button on the neck heel. The tougher decision is placement of the button on the bottom of the guitar. If it has an internal pickup, then the end plug serves as a strap button. In general there is a block of wood at that end so you could mount a button there too. either way, before placement be certain the strap will not get hung up on anything after placement. So you need to pre-visualize the installation. BTW, these are great locks.
No
Yes, the instruction booklet comes with a diagram with six sample settings. Delay, Chorus, Vibrato, Self Oscillation and Reverb-like Delay. The Delay and Chorus come through stronger than the reverb and vibrato, but all can be adjusted to pretty much accomplish the sound your after. It takes some time to learn what knob to adjust, and I keep the diagram handy as an aid. Still, I feel its the best choice for the price. Hope this helps.
You can use the delay by itself or mix in the chorus or vibrato with the delay. You can also turn the delay down and use either chorus or vibrato. There is a selector style switch for chorus or vibrato and a control for the amount. You can get some nice sounds from the vibrato and echo running at the same time. For the price it is a nice pedal but beware, it is not true bypass, and will be noticeable in your signal chain. Especially if you are playing cleaner guitar styles. If you are going to use a lot of distortion or overdrive or fuzz you won't notice it and you can get some pretty good sounds out of it.
This unit uses unbalanced signals. Using balanced signals may create excess noise.
Yes you can but you will need to purchase this cable: http://alesis.com/dm6cablesnake
nope, you gotta have some type of amp with a speaker to plug it in to
Yes and NO. NO, because you don't have an extra connection on the controller. But you can use a splitter to use the same crash sound on 2 pads.
Yes
Yes, by just tapping it, with the amp turned on, and not attached to your instrument you should be able to hear the tapping. Make sure that you have plugged it into the INPUT of the amp not the output. This transducer is very sensitive and any sounds will definitely be noticed when attached to an amp.
Yes it works with rocksmith but might want to put a little tape on it to keep it on your guitar
Yes it sure would they sound gread and would work well for what u want it for
Depends on what other effects you plan on using
No it does not.
Yeah. It thought it didn't either but it did.
Behringer makes a model for 220V. But if you're concerned and run into this situation frequently, get yourself a cheap Voltage Converter. The cheapest and OK by me is about 20Euros. I take mine to Ireland every year.
I would be amazed if the DL-8 really needs 9.6VDC, like the power supply says the output is, I'm assuming the power supply you're referring to is the power supply you're "supposed" to use. I looked up the specs for the DL-8, you might have a different version, but it says the power supply is 9VDC, and the stompbox can use a 9V battery, so I would go for it. Your problem aside, putting 9VDC in a device that actually calls out for 9.6VDC will not hurt the device. If the "9.6" in your question is a typo, and you're just asking if the PB600 1.7A power supply will power your 3 pedals, the DL-8 draws 70ma, the MXR Phase 90 draws 5ma (don't know what MXR pedals you have)....the PB600 power supply delivers 1700ma, won't be any kind of problem. Remember, forget your power supply outputs and add up the current requirement of your devices (the current 'draw') to see how much current you need to provide.
The key is in your fingers, but I would say that with a Les Paul style axe set for the bridge pup, and the amp set with not too much gain, I can get some BB tone. Again, gear helps, but it's your mojo that's important. (But I do like this amp.)
I would say no. I returned it because it wasn't clean and loud enough
Yes
Mine has an orange light, but no Infinium on the back panel. I think the amps with a Turbosound speaker (as opposed to a Bugera Vintage speaker) are considered the Infinium series.
The one I have is 110 only - you would need a travel voltage converter for 240.
Its a durable amp, but its not a bad idea to get it for $10. Better safe than sorry.
There's a "guitar in" on the front panel. In the back is "headphones out", RJ45 "pedal" jack and "CD/Mic in" mini jack. The 150 units have two speaker out jacks (L/R) as well.
Yes, if not get a headset. Stay metal
Oh gosh, I'm not familiar with the Spider III. On the Spider IV, it hooks up with an ethernet cable to a port labeled "FBV Pedal". If the Spider III has the same kind of port, then I guess it should work. Wait! I just checked the Line 6 website, and YES it is compatible with the Spider III. Here's the link: http://line6.com/support/docs/DOC-2413
Well, i actually use some other Ethernet cable I had in the house, that is quite shorter, so I don't have I use the cable the floor board brought, which is super long, thatni use in the studio or giging, most likely your cable is defective. Try a different one
It sure does and it works very well indeed
As I recall, yes. My son swears by this item. Very fun and easy to use. The pedal is powered from the Spider amp direclty, so no separate power cable.
Yes it does. But it overloads when you use distortions and the Wah. That is what I have found.
Yes, works great&#128515;
It has a standard Mic jack, and a 1/4 adapter for plugging directly into an amp/ P.A. system. As long as the camera has the standard 1/8" Mic jack it should work fine. Sound quality is another issue entirely
You can use this mic on anything that has a mic input in one of the 2 included sizes
Yea 1/4 in and 3.3 mm
Its a great mic for simple recording, if you're looking for high end studio quality you may want to spend a little more. But I've done some great recording with this mic
Yes. I myself, however, would prefer a smaller mic with a stand specifically made for pc/laptop use, as opposed to this large hand-held mic (unless you have a large desktop and a stand for it...otherwise you have to hold it and I don't know how long it would be comfortable to do so. But yes, the small jack will fit and it will work just fine with a pc/laptop.
no
Yes, this will plug into a audio in for Karaoke.
Although I had never plugged the mike into a wireless transmitter, I think you can do it. This mike is very good, cheap and reliable.
Yes
Yes, it does. It's got a 'Flat' button to select the number of semitones (1-5) that you want to lower the selected note.
It will show you the exact tuning of what each string is. So you can definitely tune any bass or guitar with this. Most tuners will work that way. This one is simple and easy to use.
The tuner has a mic input, so u can tune an acoustic instrument. Never tried an acoustic bass, but I would assume it should work.
Yes since you set the tuner.
It should, as works on vibrations, electrics too!.
It works by measuring the frequency vibration of the strings, so I believe it would work fine for a ukulele.
Yes. If the software supports midi it will support this device. But I suggest just saving up a little more for an mpk25 or one of the other keyboard/drum pad combos. Also I was dissatisfied with the sensitivity of the pads themselves. Ended up reselling mine on craigslist within 2 months of buying it.
no. you can gave up to 4 separate midi layouts at one time by cycling with the program button. giving you a total of 32 knobs and pads.
The pads are basically on off switch. The knobs are only able to control sliders. Which basically means it will control a fader or volume. Anything that has a beginning and an end. They will not control jog dials. I use it with virtual dj. Hope this helps.
It's just a mdi controller. It doesn't have its own sound gemerating machinery.
Did you re-start your DWS and/or your computer? I haven't had a single problem, but that doesn't mean nobody ever had one. I don't mean to insult your intelligence, but if you haven't tried this, try this: unplug your LPD8, restart your computer, plug in the LPD8, launch your music software. Good luck!
I don't believe that's a feature. You cannot light the pads up for a live performance, just play samples
Unfortunately no, not out of the box. There is supposedly a way to install something that will allow you to not have to re-map the knobs every time you switch tracks, but it did not work for me when I tried to set it up.
No this is a midi controller. If you were to map a sample to a VST sampler, Reasons Kong, for example you could. It however stores no local sample data. You cant get away that cheap dog :(
Yes its a midi controller. Midi controllers work with midi sequencers.
Yes
Yes it does. It work with Windows XP through 8.1. It is completely plug and play.
yes
According to my experience the amp simulations offered by the G1N are enough to satisfy any taste. Distortion: all the kind and strengt you want, and a good noise gate and compression. It is an entry level Multi Effect but it is complete.
I haven't found that effect on it still an awesome pedal for the price !
No, pretty sure it would be ok with any Amp.
With my personal experience, I did not have any trouble following the manual.
Yes it does. It is 3 pieces. Base, neck, and clip.
I dont see why not. There's nothing that would block the cord.
It should. I use two if them with large AKG and Beringer mics and they work fine.
I am not quite sure but it is adjustable so I think it would fit most any type. I purchased one for our church and had no idea if it would fit and they were able to fit the mic quite easily. Good luck! I think it is great value!
I wouldn't see why not, at worst you might need a different mic holder but I've always found SM58's to fit darn near any holder. Plus they're not so heavy as to cause the gooseneck to sink.
I use it to tune my violin
Really well, I am an oboe player and bought it for tuning up orchestras and tuning my oboe when I'm playing. It works really well, has a long-lasting battery and is accurate.
Nope
According to the manual the detection/tuning range is A0 (27.50Hz)-C8 (4186.01Hz)
Yes it will.
No.
Yes, the tuner has a backlight so it can be used in daylight and darker conditions. Therefore, it requires a battery a CR2032 type battery, that does not need to be changed often. There are three buttons along the bottom and bottom angled edges. The button on the left edge adds up to four flat signs (I don't use that feature, check the instructions for why you would use it). The middle (bottom) button turns on the power/light, and the right button is a calibration that cycles through the pitch between 430 and 449 cycles, the default setting is 440 for concert pitch. I hope that helps with even more details :-)
Yes it works by picking up vibrations so you can use it even when not plugged in to you amp.
No you don't. Using a sharp object on rosin will cause it to break into pieces and shorten its lifespan. What you do is simply apply the rosin to your bow hair. I find a few full bow strokes over the surface of the rosin is all that is necessary. This particular rosin is Jade green, and over time your bow hair will turn green. Use a washcloth to remove excess rosin from your strings where the bow comes in contact with them. Pinch each string gently with the washcloth between your fingers, and gently clean your strings one at a time. A washcloth can also be used to remove fingerprints from the body of your cello.
Yuuuuuup
It fits my Cecilio electric 4/4 CEVN-1 fine. As long as you at least half of the lower bout there you should be ok.
Hi Tammy. I think that it would fit your viola because you can slide it on and adjust it so that it fits your shoulder comfortably. My daughter has been using it in class for about 4 weeks now and all is well. I originally was going to go to the music store with her teacher to find one that fit her and her instrument; however, upon putting the Everest on the 4/4 violin, everyone agreed that the Everest shoulder rest was great fit and very soft to her jaw/shoulder position when she plays. Please feel free to let me know how it works for your viola because a few of my daughter's classmates are using the Everest or sponges until they can get an Everest/or music store shoulder rest for themselves. Most of the viola players had their original music store purchased shoulder rest in her class she told me when I asked if any had an Everest. Hope this helps.
I'm sure it is as technology is always getting better. I've found this particular shoulder rest to be very comfortable. Its squishy enough to be comfortable but doesn't totally give way like the spongy foam rests.
Yes it will fit a 3/4 size violin. You will need to adjust the feet. It's very simple and self explanatory, or a teacher can do it.
The shoulder rest comes in two sizes, 1/2 to 3/4 and 3/4 to 4/4. The shoulder rest is designed to be flexible and can be slightly adjusted to fit your specific size. I would recommend getting the 3/4 to 4/4 size so you can keep using it when you move to a larger size violin. This item is decribed as the Everest 4A Violin Shoulder Rest (3/4 - 4/4). I hope that helps
I don't believe so but the arms are adjustable. they've got about a quarter of an inch to a half an inch of room that they can move
It'll probably do it well, but in my opinion you would have better results using the ORTF (2 mics overhead) setup in addition to the Kick mic. A good and inexpensive ORTF combo: Superlux S502
Usually if you ship items no matter what outside of the U.S. you could be subject to your own countries customs, this is out of control of really any shipper. Does not mean you will have them just be aware that it is a likely scenario.
Yes
Pop filter, yes. You could always just put your hand in front of your mouth. Poop filter, that's up to you. Depends on how messy you get.
Yes. Unfortunately, in my case, it captures singing quality with 100% accuracy. :)
Yes. It is. It is just like any other mic/headset you plug into the USB port of the computer. Once you plug it into the computer, the computer detects it, and installs the drivers for it automatically for it.
Plugged the USB into the iMac, plugged my headphones into the yeti as a monitor... Hit settings, sounds and selected the yeti for both input and output and BAM...... I sounded like Barry White :) answer is Yes.... YouTube 847Electric, look up USB outlets #1 & #2.... You can hear it, I was playing with the settings etc on iMovie
Experience says these 'cheaper' line pedals don't sound paired with anything other than guitar. Compression can be controlled with MIDI under live situations or added during recording mix. Also you don't have the control with guitar effect pedals as you would with the proper keyboard sustain pedal. Check keyboards that accept sustainer foot pedals; Sweetwater sells the pedals for $15. You can find them cheaper here on Amazon thru M-Audio for around $10. Keep looking and read up on it.
Yes you can. Its not hard. I haven't played it much without it but it easily comes off. Just need a pair of small pliers.
Hi! Yes, even though this a full size instrument great for adults, it would be fine for a tall child too. Banjos by their very nature are not overly large.
had mine two weeks and strings didnt break. but had to return it due to defective bridge and bought a gold tone banjo. more money about $500 but better sound
Yes . The banjo was completely secure inside a box , and then they put that box inside another box . I received my banjo in perfect condition. Have no worries.
This mixer would work perfect for karaoke with the built in effects. However, it is going to be over kill with so many channels. It would give you room to grow. But, if you don't need the effects, I would recommend the Mackie Mix8. Much more compact. http://www.amazon.com/Mackie-Series-Mix8-Watt-8-Channel/dp/B00ND1KGEI
wire like this: MC6000 -&gt; XLR to 1/4 balanced cable -&gt; PROFX8 -&gt; Power Speaker
It depends on what you want to do with it in a home studio. I'd guess that the lack of buses kinda preclude using it in a traditional recording manner - where you have multiple sources that you're feeding to some sort of recording system. What are you looking to do?
Yes you can. it even has a handy volume control dedicated to it. it will send the audio to the main outputs.
Yes. It's an output for the mixer and a thru port for the rear input. So you can daisy chain several of these units together.
In a word: yes! I have used them before this way. as long as you've got a good karaoke system these will be ideal.
What you are suggesting will most likely create feedback and/or damage the unit (any brand). If you are using it as a monitor try to get your input feed from the PA. If you can't get an isolated monitor mix from the PA then plug your mic into the B205D and use it to reinforce you own stage mix. Run the output to the PA but...Don't loop back!
Fender use a industry standard socket on their speakers, so these should work. But as I found out the are thin materials and wobbly.
As long as it has a built in or you put a external tripod adaptor it should work I would not go any bigger then 15s on the tripods do to weight limit
Yes. JBL shows a 36mm mounting socket and these show 35mm diameter.
This amp is not a channel-switching amp and does not accept an A/B footswitch for channel switching; however, you can get an ABY switch, which you will put BEFORE the inputs. What it will do is take the output from your guitar and split it 2 ways. The pedal switch will select which one of the two ways the output will go. Connect one of them to the "normal" input of the amp and the other to the "top boost" channel. Both channels of the amp are always on, but what comes out of the speaker depends on which input you're using. So, your guitar goes to the ABY switch, then depending on which of the Y outputs you've selected, continues to whichever amp input it's connected to. This is effect will give you channel switching. But bear in mind that both amplifier channel inputs are always on.
Yes. You should be able to. Others have done this. Get something like a Morley AB box and you can rock both channels at the same time.
I never tried that, probably because when I was in my first band (late '60's) we started off broke and actually had to play two guitars through one amp at one point. It sounded like crap! That said, you can use both inputs simultaneously, so what you want to do certainly should work.
No, the normal channel by passes the EQ section. Only the top boost channel has independent treble and bass controls.
No issues. The signal goes through walls, and the range is very good. I've been gigging with this for over a year, both indoor and outdoor performances, with no issues. No delay, no hum or any other issue.
Transmitter and receiver comes as package, not separate. Semi true bypass. Never tried on a double bass
I bought this to change a rusted up bridge on a 92' strat, the block was about 3/16'' too deep and 1/16th wider than original block, the tremolo holes do not line up if you decided to use original block with it.
No
Yes.
I don't own a Bullet Strat but the easiest way to find out is to measure the distance between the outer-most mount screws (center of screw to center of screw) of your existing tremolo. if they measure out to be 2-1/16", it will fit and the screws in-between should line up perfectly. Hope it works out for you! ~F~
It comes with an AC plug.
Yes it does! It's a fantastic light because it illuminates both pages of music. I love it. Also you can plug it in ir use batteries.
Not that I've seen! I love mine
I tried it on my little Kawai. It was hard, but it worked. It would need some foam rubber from the packing to keep it from slipping.
No they don't.
Yes
No, the screw is a lot bigger, but you can buy tripod connectter to make it work. http://www.amazon.com/CM01-Camera-Digital-Recorder-Adapter/dp/B001GWCC4I/ref=sr_du_2_map?ie=UTF8&qid=1418577115&sr=8-2
Don't see why not. Beta 58 is still a standard mic size.
Yes
sure but grab a back up mic holder. They tend to break easily. This stand is super compact so you can bag a bunch of 'em and still have space for other gear. The fittings tend to vibrate loose more than others so tighten them up really well.
Truthfully, I'd get a pro line mic stand and extension for a heavy mic. I bought this to try it out on a lightweight wireless. Works fine for that application. The internal mast tends to fall from lack of grip at the threading. Every tool has it's purpose.
Yes it does. However the Yeti is a heavy mic and this stand broke after 6 months. I would recommend spending a few more dollars for a better stand.
Yes it does come with a music rest, it's very solid and does the job perfect
Unfortunately, no. Only a USB connection.
yes they are shown on the display as you press the keys
Keyboard does transmit MIDI information but only to a "host" computer. It will not drive or "talk" to another midi instrument.
Yes, you need to buy one stand for it. And two more stands for the condenser mics
No. These mics are great. Easy clip on and off. Sound great!
Never tried for floor tom but I think it should work perfectly. It is a little bit large for that purpose but sound should be nice.
all means do it la bro!!!!
Hello. To answer your question, no, not necessarily. It depends on your purpose of use for it. I use it to record songs onto my laptop, therefore I do not need an amp for it. I just plug in the micrphone cable to the mic outlet on the laptop. If you are using for other purposes like performing on stage, i would recommend that you use an amp for it. Hope I helped! :)
It works great with the Ion Block Rocker. The only way to "turn it off" since there's no switch would be to pot down the volume on the Block Rocker or unplug it...
Anywhere you have a amp & speaker. Don't get it wet though.
This mic will work similar to a Shure SM 58. It would be better used closer to your mouth than 12 inches. If you need to have it further away from your mouth, I would suggest using a mic like the CAD GXL 2200.
Depends on the height, width and depth of the nut on your guitar. Good luck.
Yes. I put this on my Les Paul. An excellent replacement.
Should fit all epi les paul models. All have a 12" radius wich is why i bought this nut. String spacing should be the same also but always check. U can check tusq web and get all specs on everything they make. Have used them for fender tele's,strat's, gibson les paul and 2 acoustics with great results. Good as bone and stays in tune better. Will transform yr guitar . Now get the grover bridge with the" tiny" notches in saddles for $23 and yr set.
not familiar with those microphones but if they're low impedance there shouldn't be a . It's a great cord soft flexible it works real well
As long as its 3 prong xlr it will be good
The cable is just a cable, it will carry what you send down it's length. I'm using it successfully to power a mic using 48V phantom power.
It is a universal microphone cord with a male and female connection so unless your shure 55 mic requires something unusual it ought to fit.
I believe you mean the comb/body which is made out of plastic. Metal cover plates. Brass reeds.
no there wasn't a warranty with them.
I bought them for my ukulele, but they were much too firm. When I tried to bend one a bit it snapped in half. I've had a classical guitar, as well, the strings are definitely thicker than a ukulele's, I think that these MIGHT work. I also don't have very strong fingernails, I used to bite them and only stopped a few years ago. But, after trying it out, I would say to grow them out a bit and shape them into rounded points. Then try picking. Your nails should eventually get stronger, and the shape really helps. It's way better than using a pick, especially for Spanish guitar. Arpeggio is nearly impossible with a pick. Whatever you do, don't give up.
Simple answer ... yes. Designed primarily for the nylon strings of the ukulele
not quite 'god' quality, but quite good.
Hi. I actually just tried it to see what would happen. I'm not sure if I need you to sign some kind of agreement that you won't sue me if something bad happens to your laptop but here goes anyway. Now not sure if you saw my review but I give you fair warning that I'm not entirely sure I put the stand together correctly. However it holds paper so seems to be right. I only say this because I saw a response that said you can't tilt the desk (top) all the way back but I can. So I either assembled it wrong or that person is wrong. Anyway I was able to to tilt it totally level and put my laptop on it (I have a 15in macbook). It's sturdy in the middle where the stand joins the top but it's a bit wobbly from side to side. However it bore the weight without anything happening (I only tested it for about a minute). I think it's a little risky because there's nothing keeping it on the stand if someone were to ever accidentally knock into it. And again it is wobbly from side to side. I think you could risk it but I wonder if there's something slightly better out there for that purpose. Honestly my vote is that it's wobbly enough to make me too uncomfortable. Do you have iPad? That would work perfectly with the stand in the correct position.
Yes it is
If you're mic is using an unbalanced 1/4" cable. However most are XLR. I would suggest something from TC Helicon for vocals.
No, it won't do that...It's just a basic reverb pedal
I don't know, I returned it because it was defective.
Yes.
I don't know I use it as a mic cord.
All microphone with standard XLR connector will work. Yes it should work for the XM1800S.
Honestly, if you value your instrument, look for a better solution. Yes, the thing is portable, but the quality of construction and the cheap foam (it is 'sticky' so it sticks to your instrument when you try to pick up instrument from stand) make this one a P.O.S. in my book.
Yes it will, I have a baritone uke and it fits it just fine...but no larger than that. I use a regular guitar stand for mine. This is a really fine stand by the way!
No. I purchased it for our MDs and returned it because it is way too small. It's too bad that it didn't fit any of them, because it is a really nice little stand. It might possibly fit a travel size dulcimer, but I didn't try it out on one.
Not sure since I don't own one, soery
VERY SORRY;i DO NOT KNOW THIS INSTRUMENT.
I would suggest getting a similar looking guitar rest with all solid tubing that has an adjustable neck (most do) - and use that. The 'portability' of this model is far outweighed, in my opinion, by the sheer inferior quality. This item, as I noted in my review, is not well made and a Fender will be too heavy for it because the stand will topple over if the guitar is brushed.
NO IDEA i USE IT FOR MY VIOLIN PRETTY GOOD.
I have used this with an electric violin, and it's awesome!!! It delivers clear, clean sound and has that "concert hall" sound.
Alex, we've not tried that here in the shop, but the User Guide for the Loudbox Mini specifically states that "you may also connect an outboard preamp with balanced XLR out to this input".
It is more designed for a guitar singer solo artist. So the frequency is set up for guitars It would not be my choice for cello. Also the speaker is small. You might look at a Roland KC 60 keyboard amp. It has a larger speaker and will handle the wide frequency range your cello has. It does not have fancy effects. You can get pedals for those if needed. And the price point is reasonable.
No I make sure mine is turned off
Yes. Just use the master volume control on the amp.
I believe you are trying to get at if it is a conductive mat. The mat is non-conductive and shouldn't be an issue. I've done a few repairs on it already where the parts I pull from the PC sit on it with no issue. As for booting up, I'm never a big fan of booting hardware up outside of a case, but it shouldn't cause an issue since it's anti-static as well.
Yes, if you fold it in a U shape, it should fit in a box that is 12" x 12" x 6". It will flatten out just fine afterward. I would not recommend storing it that however. -James
No I have not, but I don't see a problem using it under a sewing/embroidery machine, it will protect your table, it is well constructed. You will enjoy using the mat.
The Mat is used for doing computer and laptop repairs it is basically used for to put on a surface to keep dirt and debris from damaging your computer and laptop parts
It shows you exactly what ever key you want by just tuning and watching as it goes down or up Half or whole. Example E down to D#. Very easy tuning. Heres a site you can check, www.guitartricks.com/forum/showthread.php?t=39194
Works great on my steel string and uke.. I don't see why it wouldn't
I can only speak for myself, but I haven't had any issues with my guitar's finishes.
No
Snark makes a violin tuner. Go to their website and see which model it is. Personally I have a ukulele tuner from snark and really like it. Small, accurate and easy to use. Love the big color display.
Yes it does
Yes, it will work on any instrument.
I presume it would work as long as you have somewhere you can clip it and also see it. It works by feeling the vibrations in the instrument. My wife tried it on her flute and it worked, although she couldn't see it while she was playing so that made it useless for that purpose...
Yes I have one
Yes. Yes it will.
Not Sure! We Use It For A Ukelele. Out Just Picks Up The Sound/Tone Of The Note You Are Playing So Out Should Work But I Assn Not 100% Sure
yeah it works good for banjo that's what I play
No it's to small and it will tip over the legs are too fragile.
Yes, the mic clip comes off and you should be able to attach your mic. The only issue is that the Apogee may be a bit heavy for the stand.
Negative, the michrophone is too thick to fit in the holder.
I believe so...Providing the Mic that you are using is not to heavy!
I have used it with both a corded mic and a wireless mic with the proper head without any problem. the head on it is a little to small for the wireless.
Something is wrong. I have one and it remains when placed.
No a got the pr 40 and don't work sorry
Yes, you just plug it to your phone and plug your headphone to irig and thats it.
From my knowledge they should be the same, but I'm not sure. It's a normal guitar reviewer and then headphone jack plug in.
Not sure I use it to plug my guitar into amplitube on ipad
Depends of which one. I use it with my Galaxy Note 4, and I love it. Works flawlessly.
Yes you can use it with headphones
According to the manufacturer, yes.
I don't know. I connect the iRig straight the my iPad to my guitar.
Yes!
I honestly don't know. You can export music that you recorded, since its an apple product I'm sure you can use mp3 format probably not .wav. You can also import music and disable the vocals and play along with the song or keep the vocals. I have the free recording version which is limited, and I don't have the studio thing downloaded. I don't know much about the recording its 8 tracks you can bounce or layer tracks as well, it has reverb pan left or right and some other stuff. Since I've bought this I've been exploring amp and pedal sounds mostly.
If there is a place on the auto harp for the tuner to clamp on it will work ok.
I have not tuned a Viola, But I have tuned a Violin, Banjo, Mandolin and Guitar and have be satisfied with the results.
No, this tuner only uses the vibrations. There is no microphone on it to my knowledge.
It's chromatic and shows the note actually played. As long as you know the notes you want, it is incredibly accurate. If you want one that displays open tunings in the way that the early tuners only displayed E-A-D-G-B-E when "guitar" was selected, this doesnt' have modes for open tuning and won't do that to my knowledge.
It has no metronome See the Peterson website
Yes. I have used non T-Rex cables with the chameleon. All working fine.
the unit power input take both 110V and 220V (but you have to convert manually), so just change the power supply cable and it will work. I am currently using it outside the US and it is working fine
The 4.8 watts is the power needed for each pedal. Power = Current x Voltage. so, the current is the power divided by the voltage Ex: If the pedal is 9 volts then Current = 4.8 / 9 Current = 0.533 A or 533mA Did it help?
Yes... how many of those big bulky wall warts do you want to mess with? This unit is compact and has been able to take care of every power requirement on my pedal board.
Yes it has electronic pickup, a 1/4 inch jack for an amp cable & volume & tone controls. Plays well acoustically & amplified.
Both are great. Especially for this price you can't go wrong. It's not gonna be comparable to a $400 acoustic guitar but it can't be beat at its price. I bought an electric guitar as well and now I'm thinking about selling that because I use this all the time over that. :)
No, this guitar has "passive" electronics.. There are only two slider switches for the pickup, master volume , and a master tone .. It's passive because there are no batteries required, there is no "pre-amp" .. Very simple , when plugged into your amp that's all you get, it sounds great with the E,A,D,and G strings when your playing... However the tone for the B,and high E strings is very very weak ..even when your tone switch is maxed out on the guitar... Over all it's good for what is is... Hope this helps !
Hey John, this is actually my first guitar and I have had it for almost a month and I love it. I am using it with the game rocksmith and it sounds amazing for a guitar that cost $80. I even had a buddy of mine check out the guitar and he loved it. This is a perfect guitar for a beginner. I don't think you will regret it.
It's very pretty and sounds great - I would recommend it
No sir
Hi! The guitar is designed to have just the one strap button. For proper balance, the other end of the strap is supposed to tie behind the nut. Thanks!
No
Hi, Amazon asked me to respond to your question on whether the Martin Lifespan strings are too bright: I don't find the martin lifespan strings to be bright. Au contraire, I think they are warm sounding, warmer than the plain phosphorus Martin SP strings. However the sound of the strings really is dependent on the guitar that they are on! For example, on my Martin all mahogany D-15 I use Elixir Phos. bronze (after comparing lifespan phos. bronze, Martin SP plain not coated phos. bronze, john pearse phos. bronze, a warm if a bit dull sort of string). The Martin Lifespan phos. bronze were a bit edgy when I first put them on. However on my Martin D28 the Martin lifespan phos bronze have smoothed out over time and the guitar sounds amazing (to me), very warm and not crispy. Hoorah! I did compare (on the D28) john pearse phos bronze, Elixir phos bronze, but I really like these Lifespan Martin phos. bronze strings on the D28. They bring out the best qualities of that guitar. I will be experimenting with them on my 2 new Taylor guitars. I don't like d'addario strings as I find them tinny sounding though they do work for other people, depending on the guitar. For sure these Lifespans are worth a try. Probably the cheapest way to alter the sound of a guitar. Hope this helps.
You can plug in anything that uses 1/4 mono instrument cable (an electric guitar cable). That includes most acoustics with a pickup. Just be aware that this amp is made to color the sound, so if you want an "acoustic" sound, you're better off with a amp built for acoustics.
It has an input for a switch . I'm not sure which switch works for it . Contact Fender
Not bad for how much you'll pay.
Yes
Collin, be aware that there is a newer version of this amp. It comes with a variety of setups. The sounds are endless on this amp. You have every effect there is and you can put them in any order. You can go on Fender's web site and download thousands of set ups. I did only that for awhile - then I did my own. It would be very difficult to do a set up using the amp's controls (knobs). You really need to use the computer interface. So it's not an instant process. But you can learn it pretty quickly.
I don't see and easy way to connect an auxiliary speaker/cabinet. There are 1 - 1/4 inch Foot-switch, 1- Guitar (input), 1- USB connector and a 1- small (1/8th inch stereo?) headphone output. Nothing on the back other than 1 - three prong AC input jack
Yes for practice only through headphones. Sounds really bad with a bass on the speaker but good on the headphones.
Yes
No, it's solid state. Tube amps are very pricey. It's a good amp though. I think it sounds great and can give you a lot of different tones.
I don't see why not. I have this exact amplifier as well as 5 other amps and I use all my keyboard and guitar instruments that I have to come out of each amplifier as well as mp3 music. I also create rap beats and play it out of my amps and since I have this exact amp and use it to play back all the rap beats I create, I would say that yes you can use an electric drum set using this amplifier. It would work no problem for you. However The quality of the amplifier speaker itself doesn't sound very good. Just know that you get what you pay for. If you don't care about the quality of the sound, then sure, his is a cheap amplifier you can use to just jam and create beats on your electric drum set. However, The watts isn't that powerful ( which means how powerful the speaker actually is ) If you play your electric drum set very loud, then it could blow the speaker. If you do care about the quality of the sound and if you really want to blast your electric drum set loud making beats out of this amplifier, then I'd spend a little more money and get something that you will enjoy having for awhile! The question really is how loud will you play your electric drum set, and do you care about the quality of the sound coming out of the speakers?
Unfortunately not possible.
Hi there! Nope, it does not require batteries at all. It plugs into the wall. I believe it's a standard wall plugin to. So for example, it should fit into a surge bar no problem. Thanks!
I think that this would be a good amp. It gets pretty loud, and seems to have decent sound. We've only used it with a theremin though...
Diameter of speaker cone measures 3.5". Possibly bracket to bracket measurement is 5".
Good question. Well, from the little research that I have done for you. It should work. As long as it has a 1/4" input/output. Hope I helped.
You can plug a microphone into it and it will amplify your voice. If you have another source for the lyrics and accompanying music, it seems like it should.
Yes.
I'm not sure, I only use this with electric guitars.
Yes, it comes with the regular USB cable.
Yes!
It's a midi controller so it does nothing by itself. It doesn't generate its own sounds. It sends signals to some other input like music software on a computer. If you want something portable that has its own built-in sounds you would want something like this: http://www.amazon.com/Casio-SA-76-Mini-Keyboard-Orange/dp/B003VX1GI8
Yes it works with any DAW that supports MIDI controller
Absolutely. It doesn't come with an auto map, so you may have to map it or just track down a mapping online.
I have used it on ableton 8 and 9. Since ableton intro does allow for midi hardware I do see why it wouldn't.
I guess so, this product looks like it is compatible with any music compositor software. (Because of the brand) My honest advice for you is, look more info about it if you can before anything else. P.s. Cheers :)
Yes, if your have midi software that is 32 bit, no problem. Plug into the USB port and you are off to the races! If you are new to midi recording also, make sure to download the free "Ignite" software that came with the keyboard. It has basic user tutorials and walkthrus and basic synths and beats and so on that will "Ignite" your passion for musicmaking!
I have maschine as well any usb midi will work, I run my Maschine through cubase 7.5 so have control via cubase maybe give native instruments a call they are very helpfull !!
No, its USB connection iPad Mini does not have a USB. You will probably need to look at at bluetooth keyboard if there are any
I'm a PC guy but according to the manual it will work "with your Windows or Mac digital production workstation". The specific Mac requirements are OS X 10.4.9 or higher, 733MHz or higher, 512MB RAM or larger, USB port. Hope that helps.
Yes, any MIDI keyboard can do what you describe. Anything that sends MIDI notes can. Have fun!
It will work because it's standar midi device, but I don't recommend this, mine, a complete section of the keyboard stop working (8 keys). Look for a M-Audio.
Yes, you can! Press the MIDI/SELECT button(the button between the octave buttons), then press the "C" key(the lowest "C" on the keyboard, the key on the extreme left with the word, "VELOCITY" above it), then press the highest "C" key on the extreme right of the keyboard, the key with the word, "ENTER" above it. Then move the slider up and down. You will notice that when the slider is all the way up, there is no velocity sensitivity(all notes will be equally loud and crisp) and as you move the slider down, there will be more velocity sensitivity and as you move it down more, the notes will get very soft. To put the keyboard back to its original factory preset(always do that when you have a problem with the behavior of the keyboard) repeat the above steps but select the key marked "RESET"(the lower "G SHARP" key) instead of "VELOCITY".
No&#65292;only the guitar. It is delivered and packed by hard paper box.
reverse the strings and yes
Yes it is
I think it's a good starter guitar. The steel strings might beat ur fingers up a little but the guitar is inexpensive and sounds nice. Definitely good 4 beginners
I guess every acoustic guitar should have it. Rogue RA-090 too has one. Read this, http://www.ehow.com/how_8782747_adjust-rogue-guitar-truss-rod.html
Hi Michelle, it only has one peg at the bottom, but you can still put on a strap using the trick shown in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG97du3hTks. Hope this helps.
yes, it is
Nope, no clamps, but the stand is sturdy and can be attached with the hole is the bar or maybe just gaffe tape. If you tighten the screws on the side it will stay pointed in the same direction you point it. I will upload a picture of the box contents if possible.
no, get the 30watt and use the output jack
I don't know I use it for sound when viewing video in my class; but I want to say that the music teacher has one like it and she teaches bass,
Absolutely ....same cord as guitar. I love my little amp. Had it about a year now. It packs a powerful loud punch.
A PA system is the best choice, but a bass amp will work. You need a 1/4 plug to go into the jack input.
Yes, very good sound with guitar or bass. Have used it at gigs many times playing just guitar.
I have not had any issues with mine. Some folks reported issues with buzzing, but was related to the speaker not being tightened down correctly. Buzzing without your bass plugged in sounds like a ground loop problem. Have you tried powering it from a filtered source? (I use a Furman PL-8 which was already inmy guitar rack)
The line out jack is a preamp output which you can patch into the input of another amp. It is not a speaker output for an unpowered cabinet. You can also patch it into a mixer for PA or recording.
I had no problems. You are turning on the toggle switch on the back of the amp, correct?
The BA-108 has a "CD Input"(left and right RCA "phono-pin-plug") set up for external devices. So, as long as you have the right cable....you're Ok.
You can plug your guitar into this amp. There is no on board effects (reverb, distortion, etc.), but you will like the full, clean tone.
No, it does not have an angled back.
I don't think so. But I have noticed one thing it is noisy. I use a wallwart to power it even with a battery it's way to noisy. I also have all high quality patch cables. So might want to check something else out.
yes you can. you can even loop on top of your own voice and create your harmoies. this pedal righteaous. get the addional foot switch if the double tap doesnt work out for you.
Not sure what you're asking but, the pedal is "single program" (stereo or mono) and there is no "thru" output.
No it doesn't.
No you can't as there is no USB mic input on the pedal. You can get adapters that might work. That being said, it's no work this because its a small pedal and all those wires and adapters would be a mess. Not worth the money and hassle. Hope that helps. Cheers
I'm sure this unit will work with every DAW. I've personally used it with Ableton and Logic 9, and it works great. It's pretty easy to set up as well.
You can but you need a third-party software to do it. Here is a link to the software that I use http://goo.gl/I1PhWj.
As long as the application has the ability to take a MIDI controller input then yes. (Most if not all DAW software is able to)
Yes it is possible with the right software and knowledge. In my own case I've been partially successful
Yes. It'll jump to the next set of tracks.
mine did come with English instructions, but didn't include software. The software was included on my program for this controller
No. This is not an audio interface. It's made to control some festures of your Daw without using your mouse/keyboard
Yes :)
Yes, and it does have a ducking mode of which I find most useful. Here is a free download of the manual. Highly suggest reading it. Best delay pedal I have ever owned. http://cdn-downloads.tcelectronic.com/media/159407/tc-electronic-flashback-delay-manual-english.pdf.
Have you tried going to the T. C. website? They have a ton of downloadable presets. That's one of the cool features of this device.
It has a function where you can hold down the button and strum your guitar to set the tempo. This sounds jolly clever but, in my experience it's very hard to use in practical playing situations. P'raps I misunderstood how to use it? :) If you want this delay unit, with a dedicated tap-tempo, maybe check out the FlashbackX4? Hope that helps.
Yes. I use one myself to chain 8 other 9V pedals, works great.
Yup!!!
Yes.
The underside of the mic has a threaded inset that will mount onto most typical microphone stands, however the deployable legs still have to be fanned out for good audio/connections.
Never really played Trumpet and Sax but I record Acoustic Guitar with it pretty often and I love the results. It is a very good microphone.
I turn mine to the lowest volume and it pics up all the souds with no distortion , however I do have to be sure not to be too close or there is a distortion but no popping thus far
Using Apple's Camera Connexion Kit for iPad ($26.99), I had no trouble connecting this microphone to my iPad. For your IPad mini, i believe you will need the Apple Lightning to USB Camera Adapter (MD821ZM/A) ($29). HOWEVER, you should know that the microphone itself does not have a gain adjustment knob, so all the gain adjustment (matching the microphone sensitivity to how loud what you are recording is) must be done in the recording software you are using on the iPad. Many, but not all of the recording apps offer a gain adjustment control (Garage band does), and adjusting the gain in software is not always convenient. Some apps won't let you adjust the gain once you started recording. . . Practically speaking, if this is to record speech, it's a non-issue. On the other hand, if you are recording music (particularly loud music) you may want a "real" gain control knob. As far as I know, the only two microphones that have a gain knob AND work with iPads are the Spark Digital by Blue Microphones, and the Mic by Apogee; they are both $200 microphones. Hope that helps
It's quite wide, but the downside is the fact that it's very fat and hard to fit my hand around. It's larger than my taylor acoustic and I can't figure out the reason why.
No problem at all. It's fan-braced (three fans) and totally symmetrical inside. Because it's for nylon strings and they are all similar diameter, I doubt you would even need to recut the nut as you would for a steel string guitar. Go for it!
No
Yes, they aren't steel strings, rather metal wound nylon strings that look like steel. I hope you enjoy your guitarlele!
No.
Yes
Yes it is.
No
it might work if the room has acoustic treatment (quiet) and all 4 voices speak loud, If this is an investment for something semi pro, I rather go with the Tascam DR-40, which has 2 stereo mics like this tascam but you can also plug 2 extra mics http://www.amazon.com/DR-40-4-Track-Portable-Digital-Recorder/dp/B005NACC6M/ref=sr_1_10?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1396225154&sr=1-10&keywords=zoom+h4n
I would say that this is best suited to nature sounds. It is very sensitive and works better with subtle noises than anything amplified which can really play havoc with it regardless of the sensitivity adjustment
no, this unit dose not have a timer or delay record function.
The unit does not come with any external applications for editing on a Personal Computer (PC). The device can connect via USB to a PC which does give access to the files. As for editing, I use the built in functions that allow splitting of tracks and then deletion of unwanted sections for a .wav format file. I don't think the edit functions are available for the MP3 files.
Yes.
If you take out the parentheses and spaces around the dots in the below address, if that is your guitar (the J-45 Standard), then I believe it should fit because the description says it is a dreadnought and that's what this case fits: www2 (.) gibson (.) com/Products/Acoustic-Instruments/Round-Shoulder/Gibson-Acoustic/J-45-Standard (.) aspx
Yes
If its a Dreadnought Guitar it will
I bought the case for Ibenez pf w/out any knowledge of size etc.. I get asked this ? a lot inside measurement 44in length, 6.5 neck 15 3/4 at its widest 11 3/4 at its narrowest I hope this helps
Yes a D28 will fit the D stands for dreadnaught
This case fits my Fender Strat fine, so it should fit a Tele pretty well. Remember though, it isn't a molded case or anything, your guitar will move around more than if it was fitted for it.
never owned a mocking bird although there was time I really wanted one. My guess is yes, the body compartment is quite large. I have to use a pc of stryro foam to keep my strat or tele from moving around, a well made case for the price, Ive had mine for years
it should, ive used it for both fender strats and teles
yes it can fit a fender jaguar for those who have a fender jaguar come and get this on amazon.
I don't know, but it looks like it should... sorry
they are very similar generic guitar cases. The ChromaCast CC-EHC might be a little better built in my opinion
I would bet it will. I have strats and Dean Vendetta s in mine
As of my knowledge they have not
I doubt it would. It's made more for strat/Tele shaped guitars. My Tele fits pretty tight in it.
It is not a musical instrument. It is a CASE for a mandolin. So I guess it would be hard to play.
Yes. That's what I bought it for. It fits nice and snug.
Not sure, but it did fit my Breedlove crossover mandolin. You can probably check the stats on the two and determine if it would fit.
Not sure about an ovation. It's an exact fit for old Gibsons if you can use that as a comparison.
Read the reviews and look at the measurements
No
depends on the shape and style of your mando. If the body is an A style, it will fir. Please view my other answers t fit questions to get the actual dimensions of this case.
Sorry,can't speak to that mando. This fits a classic Gibson A Style like a glove.
Yes. It will store up to 99 mark points as metadata on the BWF audio.
Works well. I have recorded a gig, chopped up the recording on the computer and made a playable C D
I don't have BOTH units so I wouldn't know about the DR22. On the 07 the output volume as well the headphone / output jack can be manually adjusted. You can download the manuals as pdfs for both items for full specs from TASCAM.
No, I wouldn't wear it, definitely will produce handling noise even with the headset or lav as the mic cable brushes your clothing while changing positions. Look into an inexpensive boundary mic from Radio Shack or other source, set it on the ground near you. It has a hemispherical pickup pattern, they're commonly used for conference table meetings because of this. Sorry for the confusion of a "Yes" answer, I editied reply but it wouldn't let me change to a "No".
Didgital - yes
Sorry Gaylord there are no drum patterns or beats in this unit only guitar effects.Hope this helps.
One at a time is right!
nope. you can only use one effect at a time and 24 places to save them.
Definitely. It doesn't work without one.
Yes. I bought this for my daughter to use on her ukulele, and it works well. She clamps the pickup onto the headstock, and plugs the jack into a guitar amp when playing with others. For practice, she uses a tiny Honeytone amp, and that also works nicely. My only concern is that the lightweight cable looks like it could be easily damaged, but we've had no problems in several months of use.
The wire is super long, you should be able to clip it in any way that you feel comfortable.
I'm very sure you can it works perfect for my acoustic guitar
Yes
i only use it on my guitar it works great not to sure about an autoharp
I don't currently own a baritone but I can't see why it wouldn't work.
Yes it can. Actually That's how it was designed to work. Just clamp it to the headstock, turn it on and tune. I'm a bass player and that's how I tune.
I don't wee why not. You could clip it on the headstock, right?
yes it will. it has a very wide bandwidthand i just went into my guitar room and tried it. it will recognize all of the notes on your cuatro. happing picking
Yes.
I should think so - if there is room for the clip.
I recommend the multiple instrument Snark. It is red, not black, and works well between our guitar and ukulele.
Yes it will tune a guitar, but it won't tuna fish.
Yes, it works perfectly.
Yes - it will tune anything.
It works great. My daughter was able to tune the instrument right away. Great product well worth the money.
Yes! The Snark is a favorite among us banjo players.
Yes it should.
You wouldn't use thunderbolt - you would use USB. The Macbook Pro has USB ports, so you simply would plug the JAM into one of those directly. The confusion comes because the JAM comes with two separate cables: a 30-pin adaptor and a USB adaptor. The problem is if you want to plug it into an iPhone/iPad/iPod with a Lightning connector. But if you just want to plug the JAM into your Macbook, then no problem. Use the USB connector that is included!
Yes You can listen using your iPad's built-in speaker
The Positive Grid JamUp plug is a total swindle and is not worth 10c. The problem is bad build, really bad build. Hint: toss it out the Jam-Up (or better still, take the sissors to it) and get the Apogee. The Apogee is clean, clear, reliable and does not feedback!!
all you need is a free USB port. somewhere. somehow.
Yes, there is an adapter that u can hoop it up to a mac thru usb
there's none (no tuner)
I bought the ukulele for my daughter. She says the more you play it and get the strings stretched, the less you have to tune it. She said it took a couple of weeks and she plays it every day.
According to their website, yes. However, I am not sure about the wiring of the 3 pin XLR. It could be wired as "balanced audio" or as "unbalanced audio". Balanced audio puts the sound on pins 2 and 3 with 1 being a ground. Unbalanced is usually using only 2 wires, so it might be any combination of and 2 wires. A little experimentation should provide results. In my case, I was using balanced audio and it worked just fine.
no it dose not but there is a inline thing you can get to supply the 48V, sorry.
no, you need phantom power for a condenser mic. the computer does not provide that. The cable is made for dynamic mics.
Most likely not, since you handycam probably has a USB mini, or even worse, one of Sony s own mini USB version. You would need an XLR to a mini USB, if it exists.
http://www.amazon.com/Excelvan-BM-800-Condenser-Microphone-Recording/dp/B00K72ENKE
Does your keyboard amp have an XLR input, very important. What OS are you using. Your PC/Mac should recognize your usb output for your app.
Yes, I use it with the same exact Mic.
Probably not. Also, the way a V would sit in the base, I don't think it would be able to lean towards the neck supports. I have an Explorer and it doesn't really fit in the stand either, so I keep it on separate a neck-hanging stand.
No not that I've been able to. Id honestly go with another choice. This stand is pretty awful. Very wobbly
Likely, yes. I'm not familiar with the size of the body, but the spacing of the tubes is such that I've fit acoustics, electrics, basses, and my brother's banjo (which I'm guessing is about as rounded as the the viola bass would be) on it with no trouble.
No, it could possibly hold a child's guitar but a uke is way too small.
It would probably touch the floor but it will hold it. The bottom isn't really that far off the ground.
No. You definitely won't be happy with the result. It's designed to be a floor stand. P
It is a concert ukulele. I also had a hard time figuring it out. My musical experts pronounced it a Concert Uke as soon as they saw it. It will need better quality strings & also you will need to purchase an amplifier if you want to electronically increase the volume for groups or fun or performing. It does not come w/ an amp - but has the capability to be acoustic or electric. I really like this uke !
1.) You need a cable AND an amplifier. ...l had to live & learn. Little Honeytone amp is what l got but l am silly not serious (it said you could clip it to your belt = no, we are not that nerdy.) See what Amazon or Guitar Center have. 2.) You can use a nice piece of trim from the fabric store as a strap. A serious strap is overkill for this cute little Les Paul. EVERYONE loves mine / everyone wants to play it. So l share. Fun !
Yes, it definitely can. In fact, it is louder than my acoustic ukuleles when played without an amp. It has a different tone than regular acoustic ukuleles but it sounds great in it's own way. Hope that helps. :)
Many people change them immediately and use Aquila. Read some of the reviews.
I do not play, I got this as a gift for my nephew and I did buy him new strings, but I am not certain what kind they were, I will contact him and find out. It sounds great.
There more for structure than for adjustment. Not a great way to adjust the string height, change it at the nut or bridge for this guitar.
No, it's a full sized box, but on the good side, it has full sized tone as well. Amazing value, easily the best inexpensive guitar I've ever owned, and I"m really picky.
Package I received had untuned, wrapped strings
Plays very nice amplified. Never played it at extreme levels though.
Yep.
No
No you don't
Yes. It is great for drums, guitars, keyboards, wind instruments (i.e. sax, trumpet, trombone, etc...), and even vocals for some voices. The Pyle Pro PDMIC78 has much the same response as the SHURE SM57 which it is a copy of, however, the Pyle copy is a little brighter sounding in the highs and is a little more sensitive to "handling noise" than the Shure but otherwise they sound alike. Good choice for home recording studio use but not so much for live stage use.
There are several applications where it can be used with a casino keyboard, but I don't know how you would like to do so, so I can't answer the question completely.
It's a common problem with these, the solder job isn't the best on these. Once you resolder these they're pretty reliable. I don't ever complain about this cause its a sub $20 mic. A few fixes on these and they aren't that bad
No. This is a dynamic microphone.
It is a dynamic microphone. No phantom power needed.
I used mine to hold my ukulele, and it works fine. The hooks can be turned so that they will fit all sizes of instruments.
I should think so! The arms of the holder are adjustable and will fit most sizes and shapes. I have several different guitars on these hangers, including a newer-model Stratocaster. Haven't had any problems and they've been up for several months. They seem really sturdy.
I don't have an instrument with a neck that wide, but just from measuring (2.25 inches without pressing hard into the foam) and looking where my 5-string acoustic bass settles, i think it should fit without too much fuss. I have an extra hanger that i gave the arms a quick tug apart and it measured about 2.5 inches. I hung it up and it held the bass up no problem, no wobble or cracks from the adjustment.
I have this hanger used to hang a fender telecaster. I do not know what the head stock of the guitar mentioned looks like, but a telecaster has almost no lip on one side of the head. It works fine.
According to Blue customer support, they're redesigning these shock mounts. They recognize that these don't support the weight of the Yeti or Yeti Pro correctly. I've been told that it'll be four to six months before my broken one will be replaced by a new one. It sucks to have to wait for a new one, but at least het acknowledge that it's broken in its design. I'd hold off on buying this, at least until they retool the design.
Hello. Yes. The boom is a good way to get the mic overhead and away from the base (and ultimately upside down when you're using it). But on a regular mic stand, without a boom, the mount goes directly on the threads where the microphone clip would normally go. The Blue Radius mount has a swivel and adjuster that is included with it. So you can mount it on a vertical mic stand and adjust the mount to be horizontal. Then the mic can be used right-side-up... or down if you prefer. Lol. The short answer, however, is YES. No problem.
This sill attach to any stand or arm that has a standard attachment thread
Not directly. There is one XLR input for a microphone, and the other inputs are RCA-style, not 1/4" plugs used for instruments or some microphones. Also, phantom power is only provided though the XLR input, so only one non-self powered microphone will work with the mixer.
Yes it is.
No, but it won't affect a standard dynamic mic in any negative way
Hello Bob, this is not a powered mixer. Although it powers up and can be used for a standard mixer when plugged in the wall socket adapter. It's other way of powering up which is to plug it in to an open USB Connector on your computer. Which then makes it a Audio Interface for recording with Digital Audio Workstation on your computer such as Garage Band or Pro tools ( If your going to use it for an audio mixer. Plug it in the wall with the provided adaptor, then run the outputs into an Amplifier of your choice) Try You Tube for more information on your Audio Interface/ Mixer.
Yes. It's a self-contained sound processing unit as well as a multiple-input mixer.
Yes and also an adapter to power the mixer with a conventional wall outlet, making it possible to use the mixer without a computer for power.
yes you can.
They do not.
I've been using the previous generation BX5s for over a year now and they still sound as good as ever. Never had a single problem with my old ones which is why I bought a new set for another application. So far both sets are working perfectly.
Yes. Each speaker has its own amplifier and power. You'll just need to buy two cables and a y adapter for plugging into your pc sound card.
Yes you can . I bought it for computer
I can not answer that. I bought it as a gift for a grandson and he does not live close by.
No
hmmm sorry, we have not tried felt actually....
The puncher has the description on the box and on the actual item. It is easy to see exactly what it is! My guitar students are loving it!
This is from their web site: "Pick shape is similar to 351 style picks LIKE OUR LOGO approx 1-3/16" (30mm) tall by 1-1/16" (25.5mm) wide at top "The Regular Pick Shape" Approximately 95% of all guitar players use this shape."
I don't know. I will give my son (a gift to him) this link and he can answer.
Yes
No it stays in 432Hz.
I've used it on multiple instruments- Guitar, Bass, Mandolin, Ukulele, among others. So I don't think you would have any issues using it on a Banjo.
Not sure if a violin has an area to attach the device. It works fine with guitar, upright bass, ukulele, cello. It would all depend on whether there is a spot it could clip on to securely. Hope this helps!
Yep! As long as you can find a stud.
Really to small for guitar .
It will fit. I have a balalaika hanging on it and it holds up well.
It was a little big for my baritone ukelele, and you can definitely bend it a bit
I would say it should work with no problem.
They make a size that fits guitars;)
I just measured the maximum depth possible . If your mandolin is under 4 and 1/2 inches deep , than it should fit nicely .
It works for my soprano and baritone ukes. So, I'd say yes.
It clips on you can take it on and off whenever
works just like a regular guitar pickup, will only pickup the guitar its attached to, I think one of the reviews mentions that, yeah, if you want to jam or play out, should be fine,
Yep that's all
No. It's already 1/4".
Hi Mike, This didn't work on my Taylor Big Baby at all. I ended up investing more money in a Fishman humbucker which works beautifully on my Taylor! Good luck in your search for a pickup! Anne
So far as I can tell it is a standard magnetic pickup. In other words it requires steel strings. Unfortunately I do not have a nylon string guitar to test it on but it does not "pick up" top vibrations like a "transducer" or sounds in the air like a microphone, but does change volume with changes in distance from steel strings, like all magnetic pickups.
No,the pickup dosent need a battery.make sure the port you plug into is the right one.if you can test it with a microphone.my pickup works great and see no reason why yours shouldn't.let me know.
Yes, the pickup will work on any sound hole that is wider than 3 inches. I have it on a full size acoustic and there is plenty of room to go smaller. It will also fit on my 3/4 size classical guitar which has a much smaller sound hole and still has at least an inch more it could go smaller. As long as the kids guitar has metal and not nylon strings ( it won't pickup the sound vibrations off a nylon string) it will work with no problem.
Definitely. I bought it for my iPad 3 and use it all the time. I believe the iPad 2, 3 and 4 (which Apple called "The New iPad") are all the same design, so they will all fit this stand. The original iPad 1 and the new iPad Air will NOT fit.
I don't know, I have the 3rd generation iPad, not the air.
Yep. I have an iPad 4 and it works great.
I have indeed tried this on my bass. I ran my Fender USA Jazz bass with flatwounds through my electric guitar pedalboard and out to my 1974 Musicman HD130 head through 2x10 cab at my church. Excellent crunch distortion. I was surprised actually. Worked great through compressor than AC Tone. Had a some great bite to the tone. I didn't want to buy another "just for bass" pedal and I'm glad I tried this one out first. Totally punchy and growly. It turns heads for sure. I also got some really great ambient lows (imagine long sustaining synths) with the combination of the AC Tone (took some fiddling to set to bass, as opposed to my electric), volume pedal for swells, through my delay pedals.. then later, my Strymon Blue Sky Reverb pedal (sometimes with the shimmer effect). Hope that helps. I don't think it was meant for bass necessarily, but it does the job for the one or two songs I needed.
Nope. You need your own.
Yes, if it is a box of about 1200 of them
Cr2032 button type - mine was in when I got it.
It should work fine with any instrument you can clamp it onto. I has a chromatic tuner setting that I have used for Bass, Guitar and Uke and it will tell you what pitch it receives and when it is exactly on that note.
Yes. I have a Fender Ft-004 on my Telecaster right now. I just tuned it. It is NOT connected to the amp. The vibration, like a tuning fork, carries thru the wood to the Ft-004. I own 3 of them so far.
Yes this tuner is actually made for tuning acoustic guitars. I also use it to tune my Gibson electric guitar, but I do it when I have it unplugged. This is the best tuner I have found and easy to use. The screen is blue and when you hit the correct tuning the screen turns green. There is also a needle that shows if you are sharp or flat to know which way to turn the tuning knob.
Yes. You can use the chromatic mode to tune any string to any note frequency. All you need to know is what each string should be tuned to for drop D (or any other tuning). If you do not know the notes then it is a good idea that you learn them :)
it's a chromatic tuner and it picks the vibration from the instrument, so it should work with any instrument that has a large enough section where the tuner can be clipped. Looking at pictures of hammer dulcimers in Google I see that it has a box structure and I don't see where it could be clipped. Maybe the best option for it would be a tuner like a Korg CA1 or similar with a clip on adapter like the Korg CM-100L that could be clipped in the sound hole.
Yes and you'll never use it
I use this cheap Vaultz locking 24 CDcase that I just tore the CD sleeve out of. It fits perfectly! http://www.amazon.com/Vaultz-Locking-Capacity-Acrylic-VZ00100/dp/B004Q84TJ0/ref=sr_1_13?ie=UTF8&qid=1406781807&sr=8-13&keywords=vaultz+cd+case
Yes you can. You have the option of XLR or 1/4" (the big plugs, not the typical 3.5mm headphone jack that you see on mp3 players and cell phones and such). That being said, if you want a true stereo input into it you need a splitter that separates the right and left channels into 2 mono channels. If your keyboard has a 3.5mm jack you can use this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-CMP153-Cable-Inch-Dual/dp/B000068O3C/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1374508775&sr=8-6&keywords=1%2F4+headphone+splitter+dual+mono I haven't been able to find a proper splitter plug in 1/4" size... But I have used adapters to make it happen: http://www.amazon.com/Parts-Express-Stereo-Female-Adapter/dp/B000TTHVYK/ref=sr_1_15?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1374509019&sr=1-15&keywords=stereo+1%2F4%22 http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-Cable-GPR101-Inch-Adaptor/dp/B000068O3S/ref=pd_bxgy_e_img_z If your keyboard has xlr outputs, you can use this: http://www.amazon.com/Hosa-YXM121-Female-Dual-Cable/dp/B000068O59/ref=sr_1_17?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1374509161&sr=1-17&keywords=xlr+stereo Just make sure to change the setting ont he Tascam to use the inputs instead of the internal mics.
To answer your question, I am wondering what you meant by mounted to since almost, if not all, have a mounting receiver on the bottom. The DR-40 cannot mount to the bottom. My suggestion is to try the DR-60, which I also own, which could then be mounted to a tripod. There are two ways to introduce audio to video, either by directly feeding into the camera using either the internal mic, plugging in an external mic, plugging an external mic to a digital recorder then plugging in to the camera, or by using video software and syncing on a computer. You don't sync at time of recording since it is in real time. It is why a clapperboard is used if you are using a digital recorder and the internal mic at the same time. At the time of editing, you line up the audio spikes from both the internal mic and the auxiliary audio tracks and then mute the internal mic track. That is simplifying the way you sync audio. I might suggest getting the DR-60 instead since it also has an headphone jack out which allows you to listen in real-time to the audio. Personally, I prefer to capture audio as much as I can by using a Rhode mic plugged into the camera, then another mic plugged into the DR-60. This way there are two audio sources and I can decide later which one sounds better. I could not find any tech data to see if the A65 had a mic input. Hope that helps.
No, while technically it can record four tracks, they are essentially two stereo tracks based on three inputs sources. The built in mics will create a single left and right stereo track, the external inputs will create a left and right stereo track also. You can use a software program to break them out into four mono tracks, but the built in mics will essentially be the same source. I hope this helps
Yes.
yes
Yes I have been using in it with 8.1 with no issues.
Yes. The sound quality depends on your guitar and sound processors attached to your guitar. 2i2 records incoming signals up to at 24 bit 96 kHz precision.
Yeah that's how you do it! Weird I have the exact same set up, I bought the limited edition gold rokit 5s from guitar center a month or two ago. All you gotta do is go into your control panel and click on sound and devices, and set the Scarlett as your input and output. So the sound from your computer goes out to your interface then out from there to the rokits. Hope this helped!
No, it doesn't. A guitar capo increases the key you're playing in one half step for every fret higher you move it. E -&gt; F on the first fret or E -&gt; F# on the second fret The higher up you move the capo, the brighter and more 'tinny' the sound of your guitar becomes, and on the higher registers one might be able to compare the sound to a ukulele, however I wouldn't say that it would make your guitar sound like a banjo.
The Ukes fretboard is less wide and a hair less thick so, yes it will work, but this is not a well made capo. My Uke is a Kala KA-MT. Check out the black Keyser cap here on amazon or the monoprice capo at the website of that same name. I have all of these and just saw the Keyser in black for about ten dollars. That's the deal.
From what I can see, this brand/seller only sells them in black. I haven't looked around too much though. Some other sellers may sell them in white, yellow, gold, nickel, or even silver. Black is probably going to be the cheapest option.
It seems plenty wide enough to work on a classical guitar but I don't have one to try it on.
yep
I would think so, it works on my mandolin as well as all my guitars.
If you are using an I-rig or similar converter, This will work into your i-rig, and then your I- rig can plug into tour i-pad. This Can not be used to connect directly.
Absolutely. Gives off a clean sound, no noise or hums. The cable is very flexible so it won't effect the sound quality. Both ends of the cable are the same so it wouldn't matter which end you plug your bass into, you will still receive the same sound and quality. It's a fantastic value for such a sturdy cable!
Yes
I do not think so. I bought a strat a few years back and it was a different cord that came with the pack. I use this cord mainly with my ibanez and its great for any guitar.
If a soprano ukulele has a 1/4" output jack and has a quality pick up system this cable will work perfectly. I have purchased several of these cables and I would recommend them for multiple use. I use mine professionally and they hold up well in that environment.
Yes. It has enough width and tension to work with a twelve string guitar. I used it on a Gibson twelve string and it was no problem. There is really only slightly more than an three sixteenths of an inch or less needed to accommodate the width of a twelve string as opposed to a six string neck width. The extra tension would be the major issue and this Capo has enough tension for that.
It's exactly what I use it for
Dunlop is a brand, this may be a similar design but it is not made or sold by Dunlop.
I'm using acoustic string guitar & it dose fit. I didn't try it in the ukulele, but although it has small neck I think it will fit.
it should I used one for my Martin backpacker. you can adjust the arms.
Our mounting plate only has two holes. Not sure what is meant by backwards tilt. When placing on or off lift up and out. Hope this helps
Yes it's reliable and attaches to the scroll very well. The problem with all Snarks (I own about half a dozen for various instruments) is that the little stalk swivel system is fragile. There is a stalk with a ball on each end, inserting into a socket on the back of the tuner and on the top of the attachment clip. Either one of these sockets have little plastic tabs that can be broken pretty easily if you are rough with them. Of the two socket joints, and the one on the back of the tuner itself is the one that tends to break easiest. Aside from that, the tuner will read chords if your double-stops are accurate, and reads fast enough to check your intonation while playing, at least on slower tunes.
Yes that is one of the instruments m my son uses it for.
Absolutely
Yes it does. I just clip it to the bell.
Yes, of cource. It'll be a good choice for your son's guitar.
Mine is a concert.
No, it does not.
yep, just like the big boys, 1/4 inch plug. I strongly suggest you use some sort of AMP with this. The acoustic is very low on its own. A fun amp to carry around with this is the 20.00 dollar Honeytone by Danelectro. They team up quite nicely together.
You don't need an amp to play it; however, the sound was un-amped is poor.
Yes, it sounds amazing when hooked up to the amp!
yup, good for anyone, three things 1) tune it - there are online tuners, smartphone apps, or handheld tuners. but keep it in tune. 2) use you tube for lessons and chords and how to play songs 3) (most importantly) NEVER PUT IT DOWN. practice practice practice. i have been playing for over 25 years and i always have a guitar in my hands even if it's laying on the floor watching TV. good luck have fun, guitars and music has brought great joy into my life.
Not perfect, but very close. I loosened the truss rod about a quarter turn, lowered the bridge a couple turns, and made a tiny adjustment on the bridge to intonate it. If you know how to do that, you can have it playing perfectly in 5 minutes. If not, watch enough youtube videos to figure it, save the $50 a guitar shop would charge you for 5 minutes of work, and it will be just fantastic.
No, an instrument cable is not provided.
I don't play the piano . Just guesting with all the pianos octaves ; I would say no . Sorry I can't offer more help .
No. It comes with the USB cable that plugs into the computer.
You will need additional recording software to record using the amp. Once you have downloaded the Fender Fuse software, you can find compatible driver information and further instructions for recording in the Fuse user manual or the Fender online community. It is said to be an excellent recording amp, though the only recordings I've made have been on my iPhone.
I bet no. Line out cannot drive a speaker or phone because it cannot supply the needed current. On the other side, this amp has a speaker out connection that cannot be used with headphones either because it expects an 8 ohm load and outputs too much power for a headphone. If you use a higher impedance (as typical headphones), the amp output might blow. If you use a 8ohms phone, as soon as you play something, the phone will blow to an open circuit and the amp output tubes might blow.
There is no aux input in this amp. But, if I remember well, you can play stuff from the computer if you connect it to the amp using the usb cable.
George and John were both using Vox amps in that period. This is just my opinion, but I think the Super Champ x2 isn't that great. And the 10" speaker isn't enough to cut through in a band situation. This is just my opinion and you should by all means check this out for yourself, but I think the Fender Mustang is a better amp. The Mustang III has a ton of good models plus all effects, it will sound great in your practice room as well as with a full band. It has a 12" speaker so it has more depth and with Fender Fuse if you're handy with a computer you can download your own custom amp models. It's fairly light and is cheaper than the Super Champ. And you can find find a really good deal on a used one with a little effort. The Mustang II is a pretty good amp but the Mustang III is easier to use and at 100 watts it has plenty of power for rehearsal or gigs. I know the Mustang is not a tube amp but solid state has come a long way in the last few years. Good luck and happy picking!
I guess depends on guitar you use with it. The stock speaker doesn't have a tight bottom end.. changed my to ragin cajin by eminence. . Great upgrade
I'm doubtful. It seems to work partly by actual contact with the guitar so it can sense the vibrations. When I tried to use it not actually attached to the guitar it did not work very well.
yes very good
No!
I do not have that model. However, from the picture and this link, they look one and the same. http://www.amazon.com/DAddario-NS-Micro-Clip-On-Tuner/dp/B005FKF1PY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1379883408&sr=8-1&keywords=Ns+Planet+waves+micro+tuner
The battery area is a slide on/off case. There are no screws used to hold the case close. It is a wonderful light. The clamp which clips onto whatever you want to attach it to is strong. Hope this helps!
Its sufficiently light weight (pardon the pun) to attach to a music book or the support for the music sheet so I see no reason why it couldn't be used to light up sheet music. If your intent was to light up the keys then you'll need perhaps have multiple units.
It will stand up on its own, but the whole light is very lightweight and it would not take much to knock it over.
I don't believe that your unit is working right. it should only go through the 3 positions via the push button. The clip is not part of the circuit.
Mine did.
Try doing doing the draw 2 softer until you get a clear single note. May take a week or two. Have a several of them and no problems with them, usually a matter of technique and working with it to get the desired sound.
Yes, Susan, the one I have is "Made in Germany," it's so stamped, and I love it as well as my Crossover which was also made in Germany. However "The Golden Melody" I still have my doubts about even though Hohner from Germany assured me that it was. If the harmonica itself is not stamped "Made in Germany," I'd stay away from it. A paper sticker to me means the sticker only is made in Germany. I recognize German quality when I see it. Bill
I would not recommend buying a used harmonica since half of the notes are played by sucking in air through the reeds. These reeds can contain countless germs. I was told that it is actually illegal for a retail business to sell used harmonicas in many states. That is why you cannot test play them before buying. You need to use a bellow.
Yes
No, Aquila model 7U is for Regular (High-G) tuning
The "C" string is the thicker of the two. Now go and play some tunes. Good luck
No
No. The keyboard is wider than the extendable width of the clamps and it is also smaller than the narrowest width of the unit as well.
yes!
probably not.
Yes, you can swivel this 360 degrees to any position
I would imagine so. The mechanism is spring loaded and can expand. Also it comes with different sized feet. The iPad is held in place by the tension created when you put your iPad in it.
This device is NOT tablet specific...it has the ability to "flex" to fix ANY 10" tablet (like my iPad 2), simply by swapping out the "feet" provided. I can tell you it DOES firmly hold my iPad 2.
No, its a clip-on battery cover.. Doesnt hold on very well. I have it on a velcro pedal board with a power supply but the bit of velcro i put on the battery cover will stay on my board with the cover when i move my the joyos around.
I play an Epiphone LP Custom and also Gretsch Electromatic through a Peavey Delta Blues 115, and this pedal will easily sustain a note for 10 seconds or more. Combine it with a Joyo Sweet Baby, and you can sustain endlessly.
MXR Super Comp. I have both and they are pretty much the same
NO WAY! THIS IS FOR GUITAR OR BASS ONLY!
I can't say for certain since I don't play bass. But I would see why it would work. With the attack control you won't lose you how you play each note. If you want more of am explanation there is a youtube channel @eytschPi42 that did a review of this pedal.
I don't see why it wouldn't handle bass, though I've never tried it with bass. But with the octave effect being so subtle with guitar, I don't think it will have much effect on bass. It is a pretty cool, raunchy fuzz sound. Well worth the price. At least for use with guitar.
No, this is a single-octave (only raises one octave above what you play) fuzz pedal.
To look cool. Duhh
There should be no reason you can't. It fits all my guitars quite well, so a Uke should be no problem.
Yes
nope, never has yet
It should, it works fine on my Les Paul JR.
call amazon's 1-800 number and they will replace it if you ship it back
Yes it comes with strings, and a case. But the case is soft, and kind of cheap looking.
If by built-in pop filter, you're referring to one of those foam sleeves that fits over the top of your mic, the answer is yes because this wind screen will do a better job than the foam sleeve. This is because the wind screen will disperse the air that will cause a pop at a greater distance from the microphone.
It connects via screw clamp to standard mic stand shaft.
The bracket opens enough that you could.
It hasn't torn on us (yet). It stays in the office and is away from daily contact with it.
I'm not sure since you can see in the picture that the pop filter can be attached to a round stand. Looking at the Samson Meteor, it may be possible to attach it to one of the stands but it doesn't look a circular stand like for the Blue Snow Globe Mic. It may be difficult for your Samson Meteor.
The mount for this stand is for cylindrical bases only it won't mount to a flat surface.
yes any speaker cab will work fine they even make a 8 inch cab just for this amp but I like it better with a larger cab.
Probably. Is your broken amp a combo? Sometimes the speaker in a combo head is plugged in with a 1/4" jack just like what the output of this Orange amp has. You may be able to just plug it in and go. Worst case, you'll need to solder an extension cable from the speaker to a 1/4" jack to plug into the Orange.
INGLS Yes, it's made in china but it sounds great and definitely has that British tone.
No
It's not made for that. If it is a short run with a balanced cable, straight from the amp to board it will probably be OK but if you are running into adapters, a snake, have a less than ideal cable, have noisy power, etc. then it will have problems. Also, this head can't be run without a cabinet or you will destroy it. Must have an ohm load in operation.
I love this little guy but more of an overdrive sound with just the amp. It will take pedals nicely so you could push it into more of a metal sound. Here is a great review that will show you some sounds (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzDohmkXeJs)
Is it a soprano uke though?
There is a chart right at the top of this page. It could not be simpler. Just look up you uke's length. You have 3 choices in lengths.
It won't fit. Most of the Lanakai tenor ukelele has a dimension of 26.2 x 9.4 x 3.2 inches. The 24 inch bag dimension is: 25.8 x 9.1 x 4.3. I have a concert ukelele from Kala MK-C, it barely fit this bag. Hope this help!
Oh it picks up bass all right, just make sure you can control it because it will be loud!
It's not a microphone in the traditional sense but this pickup clips to your violin and then you plug the phono jack end in to your amp, powered speaker, or audio interface. We find that it works better than a microphone. The price is ridiculously low but for us it has been perfect for my friend's violin.
Yes and it is very sensitive too..for the money you can't go wrong......more expensive ones out there yes... This will serve the purpose and give you an idea if this is what you really want
Yes. You will have to connect it through a pre-amp to your recording device.
its range cover the notes of piano but it doesn't tell you the register of the note ie it diplays c orD but not for example C3 or D6
I do not think it differentiates between octaves.
Yes you can, and I have done so. Start with the gain very low, and the volume out on the keyboard very low, and adjust your settings from there. I have also plugged in an electronic drum set. Worked great.
Yes. Get a USB cable and it will work with your MacBook Pro
I would get the highest quality you can afford. This is fine for hobbyist quality but if you want professional type recording I would think you need something better
As long as the jack fits in it, it can record it. :p
Yes, the connections are the only difference in the two models.
Using it thru ipad and garage band u can use some enhancement, reverb, echo, or guitar model amps, then record it, as far as i know, mixer is not recommended in recording , mostly its used in live, in my own opinion.
Yes it does.
As it says in the video. .. U don't need a Manuel. You just tweak your groove!! Really easy to use. I run my Moog voyager threw it. Wow. Cheers ;-)!
Yes. As per product description: "Flashback X4 allows for MIDI clock sync - perfecting delay times to your exact wishes. You can change presets and control X4 externally, for example if you wanna have it in a rack or safely in your backline."
It should, that's what I used mine on.
This will probably need filed for that gauge of string to fit properly as the slots are thin enough for regular or light gauge strings and are meant to be adjusted to your particular set with a proper setup. I'm assuming you bend strings or use a tremolo quite a bit and have "sawed" into your nut. Those techniques can hasten the wear of a nut, but eventually all guitar nuts wear out. Short answer: you'll saw through this one just like you will any other nut out there. Just get good at replacing them. A small drop of glue to hold it in, but still make it easy to remove, is a good start. If you don't want to spring for fret files, a thin needle file should do the trick to seat a 52.
This is an electric guitar nut. I very much doubt it would fit any acoustic. It's got tight Stratocaster string spacing.
Hello, friend, we have many nuts. They are made of real cattle bone material,which can improve sound to be more fantastic. But i am not sure sure which size of the nut you need. You can choose from my shop:
The height that I measured is at 46"...that is the height at the bottom of the book holder. The top measurement on the book holder is 59". So the full height of the music stand, fully extended with the book holder attached, is 59" high. So I'm going to assume that their max height that they list is the height from the bottom of the book holder, not the top. Hope this helps.
Yes, from upright position it can flip 180 degrees. You are looking for 90 degrees change in position. That is not a problem.
The "shelf" of the stand can be removed from the rest of the stand, but that is all that is practical to remove. The legs are not meant to be removed.
So I have never been on a plane but I'm assuming there might be a far amount of banging around with the case and questionable actions with it. I would trust it. I had my $800 Taylor in mine and it fell out of the bed of my truck on to the highway and might have got it, when I went back and got it the case was scuffed up which is what was to be expected but my guitar didn't have a single scratch and the case was still in fair condition. So I would say yes to airplane travel. Sorry about the bird walk
My daughter has a beginners guitar and there is still room in it, if that helps.
It should fit your DR500MCE. The Musicians Gear Dreadnought case is nicer for less money in my opinion.
I did not keep it as the clasps would not latch so I returned it. So I cannot be of any help. Sorry
I believe a dreadnought is larger,, google for guitar dimensions.
Hi. I believe that it is the right size for the DR-100.
The saddle will probably fit fine, the nut on the other hand is only 43mm. You can double check your guitar, but that has been too narrow for the acoustics I have worked with. HOWEVER, YOU SHOULD NOT ORDER THESE AS THEY ARE JUST MOLDED PLASTIC PARTS, AND YOU CAN FIND QUALITY BONE SADDLES AND NUTS FOR THE SAME PRICE. FOR THE SAKE OF TONE, look elsewhere :-)
No
My experience with Ovations is no. But for a couple of bucks it's worth a shot. You might have to sand it down a bit.
Classical guitars have a flat fingerboard, and the saddle is usually not compensated, nor is it curved. It could be made to work. I would not try it. You really want a different set for a classical.
I think it doesnt matter .. Left hand just flip it over
My daughter said it is a better sound. The pitch on the other was too high. Hope this helps.
I have used this saddle on two different guitars. Neither fret board is flat. I am very pleased with the results.
Yes it should work well with virtually any instrument, I've used it on Sax many times.
not sure, but should since it works on string vibration and is chromatic & can tune all notes A, B, C, D, E, F, and G.
Yes
The case fits my strat perfectly,so I believe your BC Rich Warlock would be too big.Here is an inexpensive bag that would work: http://www.amazon.com/Gator-Electric-Guitar-Lightweight-GL-ELECTRIC/dp/B000P5YFDI/ref=sr_1_4?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1363118824&sr=1-4&i=electric+guitar+bag+fits+all or this one : http://www.amazon.com/Stagg-STB-10UE-Electric-Guitar-Bag/dp/B0006VP8HI/ref=sr_1_22?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1363118966&sr=1-22&keywords=guitar+bag+padded
yes it will
My standard size Strat, Tele and LP fit, although pretty tightly. I am now using it for a 3/4 size travel acoustic and that fits just slightly loosely.
Earl I am not a guitar expert but I am assuming the Les Paul Guitar is a very nice one. We however, use this bag for my 9 year old son's starter guitar. It allows him to carry everything he needs with him (to lessons) and protects the guitar while at home. Has some light padding for some protection, but in no way would it protect the guitar from a major fall or someone stepping on it. Perfect for my son. Don't think that it is the answer for someone who would be traveling with their guitar alot and tossing it in out of storage places. Hope that helps.
The Dean DA-20 is an Amplifier.
Probably not as the case is shaped for a full-size acoustic.
You would probably need to stuff something like a towel behind it so it wouldn't rattle around.
Mine did.
Not sure my other half has a Yamaha f-325. It fits perfect.
Yes it will fit in the case. This case is a decent case for the price and will protect your guitar from damage. This case is not a case you would use if you're travelling by plane.
No. The Fender is the normal thickness of an acoustic guitar. This case is for an electric guitar or a "thin-body" acoustic lest than 4" thick.
It should fit it perfectly! My son uses it for his Wal-Mart brand guitar. The measurements on the casing is 100% accurate and will be snug so it doesn't "Shift." It holds a nice thick book bag type material and foam insulation to prevent dinks and dents. No complaints yet! You will love it!
Yes. That happens to be the exact guitar that I carry in mine and it fits perfectly with plenty of room to upgrade to a full size later if I want. There is also plenty of room for anything else you may need to carry with you while you learn.
It should. That's about the same size as my Yamaha FG700S dreadnaught, which fits in the case. Fit is a bit snug, however...
No leather
I don't know as I don't have a stand but the pocket is about 5" x 20".
We have a 3/4 guitar in it now and it has a lot of room leftover length wise but it might be snug for a larger bottom guitar.
It is slightly padded. I was quite satisfied with the case as I bought it for my grandson. It has straps so he can carry it over his shoulders like a backpack, which will help him carry it to school. For the price, I was quite happy with what we got.
We are using it for a full size acoustic and it works great.
The shock mount is not made for the yeti which is a very large mic. I have both items sitting on my desk and they are not compatible. You'd have to purchase a different shock mount.
Certainly. It is very strong and well made. Mine hold: CAD GXL2200 and CAD U37 USB and are operated by two 7 year olds and a 6 year old. I also have a pop screen on each. I drilled a 3/8" hole in our broadcast table to accommodate 2 and used the supplied turn screw for the 3rd. A bargain at double the price.
Stand itself will work fine with the threaded bit at the bottom of your mic. You will NOT fit a yeti in the shock mount. Not even close to being big enough. Using a much heavier mic than the yeti now and it stays in place very well. You can buy a shock mount for the yeti itself (little pricey) but you'll still be able to use this stand.
I can't say I've used it with that mic, but it is very sturdy and the adjustments provide a tightness at every angle. I would feel confident that it would hold it with no problem.
Yes it should be able to fit. I have a behringer c1 in mine. Now you may note that this arm has a built in xlr cable and the c1u is a usb mic.
Yes, but it takes a quick double step to do that.
This answer is a bit redundant. The most important element is a high quality pickup. I suggest consulting with the folks at Fishman. Other than that, two cables and a high quality acoustic amp. Again, Fishman produces very high quality, neutrally colored amps. You may want to consider some type of delay, reverb or acoustic processor, all dependent on your ultimate sound desires. Again, call Fishman, they know acoustic sound. The direct number is 978 988 9199.
no not that I know of...straight loops.
THe background noise is muffled but not completely drowned out. Hope this helps you :)
Yes it does. It has an 1/8" cord end with a 1/4" adapter. The default end is just like a normal pair of headphones.
I bought them for a 9 year old, they where to big for her. They where comfortable.
Yes the headband is adjustable.
The bass is not real boomy, but the sound is crisp and clean all around. I use them for recording and mixing. They are excellent in clarity.
Not at first there kinda tight but after wearing them a bit everyday no longer tight I use them to monitor guitars thru a iOS device sounds amazing !
Yes_and it uses the higher quality pro 1/4" headphone jack instead of the cheaper and buzzy 1/8".
you bet- it's awesome- best deal for the money period
No
The Tempo AFAIK is NOT recorded but is simply set on the "metronome" which can be changed on the fly. I don't believe you can record a click track.
Yes. I use an older Mackie 12 channel mixer and run the main outs of it into the two 1/4 inch inputs on the Taacam.
You can export to only a 44.1K 16 bit stereo or mono file. However you can choose the track to be exported. Normally I export the multi track recordings into a few files and import to the computer for further process.
I always record the basic drum track on track 1 on the left set of knobs and then add guitars, keyboards, vocals, etc on the other tracks 2-8. You can export some of thise tracks and empty them out and reuse them again if you need more than the 8 available. As long as you keep a couple of basic tracks to follow along with, you'll still be able to make them all match up time wise.
Yes. You can record 2 new tracks at a time and it plays all the tracks while you are recording the new ones. If you don't want to hear the other tracks, you can manually turn them down or mute them. Hope this helps. it is a magnificent machine for the price.
Yes, you can. You can record one or two tracks simultaneously, while the remaining tracks are playing back.
You can get 48v phantom power from USB.
yes it does!!! Some people have different names for it....USB A to USB B Cable or USB Peripheral cable....
I would believe it should work, but I do not know for sure . . .I have never used it in that configuration. Perhaps you could ask Tascam support. Worst case, you could always route the headphone output to the line in (if you were not using the "phones")
Yes
No
It comes with Steinberg Cubase LE6 recording software.
I have this exact audio interface and use it for my AKAI MPK 49 MIDI contoller. I use multiple music programs which this interface works very well with. The only small issue was the driver disc they supplied, you will need to go directly to TASCAM to get the latest drivers (no biggie) Great purchase!
Nice cable..but not Lifetime Warranty nice. I believe it's 1 year. Here is site link. http://www.speakerrepair.com/page/category/AMWarrantyReturns.html They appear to be distributed through they guys.
Yes it is.
No only on 1 side
Yes, this pack does well because there are light weight and heavy-duty in the same pack. I am still a beginner but I had my strings switched to silk to help with soreness that was all bothersome after a month. This was the best buy of pics! It's been almost a year and I have not had to buy another pack yet
Technically, you can but most people use their fingers or felt picks for a uke. You can scratch your uke with these if it doesn't have a pick guard.
no
I don't think so.
When I purchased my stand, it was for only a youth guitar. I am not familiar with the size of electric guitars. The depth front to back with youth guitar allows for a second almost to fit. It is low to the ground. Not sure if that is an issue for you with connections and wires. I have not seen it be tipped over by a nearly 6 year old. It appears to have gray substance around the base which keeps it from sliding around.
Yes. But as I mentioned in my review, the stand is somewhat flimsy, so if the guitar has any real value, I'd recommend a sturdier stand (e.g. FretRest).
Yes, the stand base is adjustable but the guitar will have to be unplugged if it is an endpin jack. A top jack, like a strat, will likely be fine.
No there is no place to put the violin bow
I put my Big Muddy mandola on it and it just didn't seem very stable. I sent it right back.
Can't say for sure...but I will say that this "stand" is dependent on the user to RESPONSIBLY place their instrument on it with much care to insure that it will remain upright. One cannot just "casually" place the mini-guitar/Uke, etc. on the stand without paying attention to the steady placement....it is not the best built stand on the market. For travel/motel use, it will suffice....for around the home, everyday use...no way !
Defiantly NOT ! The stand is not going to work for a "hurried placement" of the guitar...it is just too small and the user must position the guitar,(no matter the size), with care each time. It is too delicate for most any user...actually I don't care much for mine ! You will be better off with a "mid size" stand for use and perhaps adjust it to fit the smaller one. You can use pipe foam insulation available at Lowes and such to "add" to the grip of guitar stands....very simple...just cut to size and slide over the tubing...good luck !
It has plenty features even more when you use the software. It is loud!!! Don't be fooled by the modest price. It can compete with higher priced amps.
No, it doesn't come with a guitar chord. You will have to purchase that separately.
Definitively, yes. This amp will receive signal from anything with a 1/4" line out. But, the better question is will lap steel sound good with this amp, and that all depends on the style of your playing, the guitar itself, etc. I'm sure that if you did some tinkering with the presets, you could find an acceptable sound. I'm no expert on lap steel guitars, but I don't think that they're usually heavily distorted, so this shouldn't be too bad for it.
it depends on the other equipment, keep in mind this is a 20 watt amp with an internal speaker. If you have other guitars using 120w amps with speaker columns cranked all the way up... then NO.
YES
I doubt it...I just looked up that guitar and the bottom doesn't look like it will work. I have a Baby Taylor acoustic and it works ok
a uke from tenor size on up should fit easily. a taropatch (very small) uke would not fit.
I have my classical guitar on this stand on think carpet with no issues so far
yes no problem. arms are narrow enough. you can set your guitar down at different depths in the arms too. they are soft coated and hold well. back/neck of guitar rest on soft pad at top of tripod. in short it can handle most any type of guitar or banjo.
No, it does not.
The tuner should work fine on the lap steel any thing with strings that vibrate
Yes. It is suitable for acoustic and electric guitars, ukulele, and violin.
The menu has the following list of instruments that it will work on...Guitar, Bass, Violin, Ukulele, Chromatic.
Yes, it does work on your Bass. Lester
No
No. But the back comes off easily for the 9V, or you can send it power and it can daisy chain that power to a second device if you want it to.
I don't use long cables causing signal loss, so there is no buffering noticed. Aditionally, there is no mentioning of buffer feature on the pedal manual. If you realy need this feature get a Morley AB switch. It's affordable and you still can you the TC, which is great!
No
Yes. It will detect any note on the fretboard and let you know if it is sharp or flat.
It will tune down 5 semitones to B and up to capo on the 7th fret. http://www.tcelectronic.com/media/2830605/tc_electronic_polytune_2_manual_english.pdf
Of course. A looper is essentially a recorder and will reproduce whatever connects to the input.
Yep. I just plug my guitar into the top slot and then pass the other top-slot output to the amp. The only downside of this is that distortion from the amp is applied after the looping, which can cause some strange effects. On a clean-sound it works just fine, otherwise you'll want a distortion pedal before the loop-pedal.
needs to be charged
Yes. In the product details, it says that the unit ships with the lightning and other cables necessary to hook up the unit to iPhone, iPad and Macbook.
Probably yes, since it's setup like a guitar. It should work.
Probably. For audio only. No MIDI.
On my Mac the latency is imperceptible....(it's very very low !!!!) but I think you must consider the model of your mac. I have a MacBook pro 13" 2,9 GHz Intel Core i7 8 GB Ram 1600 MHz DDR3, OS X version 10.10.2. Hoping to have helped you, I wish you a good buy.
I don't know, because I use Mac OS X. If you want, I can try the Apogee JAM on a Windows PC. If you have some software to try with it, tell me the url for the download.
I'm sure you could but I don't think it would sound very good
Yes
